Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-10-06T19:43:47-02:30

====== Elfrest ======
Created Wednesday 06 October 2021

Long are the days of elves, bound to live mortal lives by the scorn of their own masters. Elves were once powerful fey, courtless, old, and free spirits. When (and in some places where) they roamed the feywilds, they were loved. Embodiments of free emotion, unconstrained by mortality, favour, gold or glamour. Each day an experience, a friend lost or gained, contrivance as powerful as the fall of peoples, as any loss to such a creature is only contrivance. Once, to be an Elf, was to be free to express, without fear of any sort of danger. Death came with Rebirth. Form was a choice. Deep magics came as freely as thinking. 

The story goes that Aurashnee, arguably a god among the fey, convinced some elves to take a solid, singular form. A departure from their traditional formlessness. The elves agreed, and this threw another god, Corellon, into a fit of rage. And he cursed them to //keep// that form, and to forever remember what they lost. Some elves, unfamiliar with how abusive relationships work, still worship this tantruming, childish spirit. More sensible ones have cut ties with Corellon, who they view as the source of their curse, one that would have been entirely reversible were it not for his interference. The Elves who work the hardest to seek to remove the legendary curse of Form have gathered in the feywild and built the grandest city there. Elfrest. 

Here, where centered between the midnight and noonpoints, so close to the heart of the feywild that days seem to pass normally, Elves of all sorts have congregated their craft. Mountains grown into the shape of trees, Each leaf a home. There are over Five Million elves here, but a visitor would be lucky to see more than ten, such is the vastness of their magic. To even enter Elfrest, one must bring a gift of at least a gallon of concentrated tree sap, of which varieties Maple is considered the least. To add to this, Clerics of Corellon will find their powers do not work here, and it is one of the only instances of a cleric not being able to reach their god since the Manaharahi reached the surface. Finally, Elves who stay here are given a great, irrevocable gift. When in the reverie in Elfrest, all visions feel as memories, the myriad identities of an elven life, united under a single self. Most elves are never able to view their reverie in any other capacity afterward, bound and captivated by the idea that they made those decisions and lived those lives under their own agency.


===== Description: =====
	Elfrest is made of a dozen epically sized (mountainous) stone trees, made of a weft of Metals, Crystals, and Glasses, Pulled along tubules by amber dissolved in ether, pulsing with magic.  Elfrest was founded the moment after the entrapment of elves by Mithlanya, an Elvish Sorcerer of Fey magic who claims to have punched Corellon, though it did little good. Trapped within Elfrest (whose name is always presented in the language of the person being spoken to), are vestigial echoes of the old elven magic, from when mythals were cantrips. The rituals of complement and solitude were once thought of as //songs// to the old elves, of which few, if any, remain. Here, elves cannot run out of spell slots. Elves who live here sleep in homes of their choice and fancy, or indeed, wherever they choose. No sickness or disease can befall an elf here, and indeed, mortality in general is merely a suggestion. An elf who dies within the city simply reconstitutes shortly, either where they died or at a place of their choosing within the city. The condition for living within elfrest is that your goals must align with the undoing of Corellon's curse, though travellers, pilgrims, and traders are welcome to stay for extended periods.
	
==== Urban: ====
	The municpal development of Elfrest //does// have restrictions. One of the great rituals allows the minds of the elves at council to be joined as one briefly, and for the past several thousand years they have decided to keep Elfrest's forest theme. The base of the twelve trees is made largely of parks, Auditoriums, and places of carefully selected and curated light levels. One can walk for hours without seeing another soul but it is far more common to find one elf every few paces, lounging on a chair, in a tree, soaking in a pool of water or underneath a stained glass overhang.  Trading mostly happens near the gates, where a bazaar is set up for foreigners. There is of course, a Xanaran's. Outside of this bazaar on the ground, there are very few significant buildings, though there are occasional latrines and washrooms, often hidden within normal trees, pillars, or around well-disguised turns into hills and rocks, making use of the feywild's special geometry. 
	
	The trees themselves are practically hollow, as they are intercut with hollows and voids. To get from one place to another, one must enter one of the capillaries  which are fountains of magic rushing up toward the leaves of the trees from the roots. To go into a room, one must will themselves to stop, but the tubes are busy and it is recommended that one is quick.  Each room is different, of wildly different sizes and magnitudes. Some have windows, which are usually lancet, but many do not. Some elves work on their projects in solitude, quiet darkness, dim candle or cantrip, or occasionally in labs, halls and libraries scattered throughout the trees. The trees do not have special names, they are simply numbered, and the differences between them are slim, though there //are// geographic locations that are worth mentioning
		* **Celussë**: The Spring from which elfrest draws its water. The roots of the great trees draw up water as well as magic, from deep within the underfey, where water from around the feywild slowly pools. Celussë is the largest of these resevoirs, and it is one of the few places in Elfrest that an elf cannot go without permission.

	
	
	
	
	
	
