Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2020-07-19T00:38:54-02:30

====== A Description of The Fey ======
Created Sunday 19 July 2020




 A Fey RP block looks like this

**NAME (MBTI) Court, Phenotype, Class**
Tagline
	Height
	Influence
Description

The Phenotype describes what sort of fey, such as pixie, sprite, or redcap. Archfey are what any fey can become, or even be born as. An Archfey's form is unique to themselves and posesses its own properties

Influence describes the DC required to bind a fey against its will. This DC  is not bounded and some DCs will be in the hundreds, depending on the accumulation of favours. A DC will be tied to a skill for each fey with a short description







We use emotion and experience it ephemerally. Our survival is predicated on other things. Theirs isn't. A broken promise, depending on the context, is one of the most vile crimes you can do to a fey who likes  you. The idea of singular marriage or relationship to a fey is impossibly silly. How can you "own" another person's  being in any respect? You are yourself, and they are someone else. The concept of belonging to someone or something, conceptually or otherwise is mindboggling to them. This extends to any ownership other than favours. See, as an example, you're not a book. The book sits on the shelf and a book is intended to be read, experienced, or used as it would be. Rocks are meant to be sit on and rolled. The universe is there to be used as is necessary and the idea of owning something outside of yourself is... kinda stupid.

Except favours. Favours are within your mind you see, so they are part of you, and if someone was to give you a favour, then that is something you rightly own.

Giving a fey your name to them means they own your name,. Their existence isn't built on food, water, shelter, and physical composition, but instead on concepts. Their death doesn't come from taking their home, the danger they experience is being unmade by losing their concepts. Which, to be fair, a sword can do as well as a lie

They don't understand us for the same reasons we don't understand them. To us they are reckless, dangerous, irreverent theives. To Them, we are stony liars, cold and cut off. In both sets of eyes, the other is impossibly greedy
and loony

"what do you mean you just gave their name back"
"it's theirs"
"but they gave it to you, that stuff is useful"
"Other people may need to use it"
"you could die without that name"
"What? No that's silly, now please stop feeding me dirt, I can't digest it and am in need of medical assistance"
"Why would I do that, your stomach is part of the bargain"
"I said I would like a meal not that you owned my organs"
"How am I supposed to feed you if I don't own your organs smartyface?"
"Leaving actual edible food on a plate in front of me tends to do the trick"
"That's a horrible idea, someone would just come along and eat it"

See, changing eyes with a fey makes sense! You just say you'll swap eyes, do the magic and it's done. Problem solved

And with the feywild, time moves differently so Twenty heartbeats from now may end up crossing over the same path last week for them, and because you showed up at the wrong time, they think you broke a promise

A human's ability to just do things without losing or gaining favours is equally magical to them, and as powerful as their magic is to us, the idea of a human "just helping" is ridiculous magic

Imagine a fey that looks at a human, and not knowing a human's power, tries to worm a favour out of them

"I am skeewimpee! Lord of this land" (as they know humans think that someone can own land)
"Oh?"
"You, by being on my land now owe me a favour?"
"Goodness! What sort of favour?"
Skeewimpee stands dumbstruck at this... did they just get a completely free favour?
"uh... PICK UP THAT PINECONE"
"Sure!" says the human, entirely aware of the situation
skeewimpee is ecstatic
"AGAIN, PICK UP THAT ONE"
The human complies

Two hours later, hundreds of pixies and sprites have gathered  to watch this human pick up pine cones. Some of them, expecting a bargain have brought bread, gold, and most importantly, gossip. The human has made avail of these trades but most of the fey are focused on the pinecone.

"Do it again" screams one of they fey and the human does so and even sets up a tarp that they can sit under when it  rains without prompting.

The crowd is going bonkers, not at picking up the pinecone, but at the idea that they can just ask for somethng from someone and have it happen without need for recompense(edited)

Another human stops along, sees the show, asks what's up and how far it is to the next town. The human performing gives them the information and the newcomer walks off. Several people in the audience faint and one older fey dies entirely.

Like us, the idea of a rule is not without context, a rock is a rock, and both groups are rather certain that it is not preferable to be hit by one moving at any significant speed
some fey may think and act that way, but the same is true for humans
and other creatures of the humanbonkers realm
and then we have the shadowfell, where the idea of ownership is rampant and rife, but the concept of a self is....
sketchy

It is entirely possible to love a fey and be loved back.

You do not own the fey, they are not "yours" in any respect, they are not "your waisbando or hufu" They aren't "your friend" they are your nothing. They are themselves, and to think otherwise is injurious to them.

Likewise, you must hope that the fey that you love understands that while you can give infinitely, that they must not take anything from you, even if it should be rightly theirs, as humans need all their parts and many other separate pieces that aren't them in order to live

As always, clear communication iis important

A fey that can give up taking the immensely insane levels of favours that humans are willing to perform without recompense that finds  a human that is willing to let them be their own creature with their own actions that in turn, owes them nothing and has to forgo the idea that this creature is inclined to "just help around the house" or do things without getting favours is a fey in a good situation.

The harshest and worst confusion is what a "favour" is to each individual. A human can just do things. Rather wontonly, but is also guaranteed nothing. Because of this, they will die from a lack of bargain constantly. 

A fey on the other hand

If the lowest fey performs a task for the most powerful of fey, then that's the basis of life for them. A fey doing something without gaining a favour means they're losing part of themselves, just as plainly as lopping off an arm or losing ones eyes

Eventually, like someone who keeps giving away all of their possessions, the fey will catch on that the human just somehow has the ability to generate infinite favours

There are two options
1) magic
2) wealth

Much like the guy who gives you all his stuff and then doesn't want it back or want anything for it, you can assume he is either magic or wealthy when you find his house and there's stuff in it
This leads to the misinterpretation from both sides that the other side is rich
The fey can just have things, and the feywild is everchanging according to its own rules, so a well kept and well "fed" fey  can convert magic into couches, not unlike a human can convert a leg of venison into a few days of favours
delightful, how dangerous our assumptions can be to other people isn't it?
I imagine many a fairy thought of a get-rich-quick scheme and tried to get some sort of super-favour by feeding a human to another human
(it's probably for this reason that we tend to stay in our own respective universes)


