Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2023-04-19T16:00:59-02:30

====== Magic Game ======
Created Wednesday 19 April 2023

Each word has the same amount of power as the others, so earlier words can do more, but are less versatile. 

The composition of a firebolt is probably

Fire Juna Sil at a power of 1?




The first three words, the origins, the only three things to exist
Sil - Projection, to thrust forward
Hit - Obstruction, the friction of the universe, the medium fights back
Nuun - Deflection, to allow yourself to be changed

The second words, the forms
Kiolo - Direct Conflict, as two waves crashing together, the more powerful will win, but diminished, Sil and Sil
Asem - Indirect Conflict, the grinding of wheels in opposition, both are reduced by an equal amount but continue, Nuun and Nuun
Jieh - Lengthening, the cracking of a whip, the building, the budding, the intent to be opposed. The diminished nuun is added to the incoming sil,
Movo - Thickening, strengthening, laying obstructions before yourself and your opposition, Any that enter are reduced by a set amount, hit and hit
Tybohd - Reversing, feinting, sacrificing. Hit repels sil, and the energy flows backward, the matter is diminished by half, but the speed is multiplied by two
Gen - Incompatibility, explosion, implosion, the combination of all three of the first words. The working breaks upon gen, whatever is left. 


The mechanic words
hiuihiuji - Reverberation, standing waves, 
Gombomki - Enveloping, shells built to break in small ways so they may stay whole
Hyer - The arms, the rod, effects joined in sequence
Dahmui - The wheel, usually useless without something else attached, the recurrence, a perpetual manifestation of Nuun
Giaven - The mud, well defined friction, hard stops 
Huunso - Changing direction, nuun turned to sil, right angles
Tcheol - the Axle, the pin, a demand to remain still, relative to something else.
Maan - the floor, wide hit, Impenetrable
Nydroth - The mist, the water, movo on nuun, fields that respond and fill
Tcheva - The hook, the barb, the diode. Forward is allowed but backwards is forbidden. 



The engine words
Heajanen - the rope, the string, the long sequence
Gylum - the drill, the spiral,



The road words
Rin - The road, The sound left by travel, exhaust, smoke, taxes that have been paid or planned for, investment to be paid easily
Pyo - The tunnel, Difficulties overcome by tradition, contract, or sacrifice (Always needed for material components consumed), that which is already overcome
Toh - subsuming, the undercut, Collapsing behind, fingers along a fence, wake. The beginning, rising from stirrings
Sha - Dispersal, shattering, collapsing before, surrender, intentionally delicate state. The Ending, detachment
Kai - Explosion, the perfect rush toward entropy
Jin - Implosion, the perfect rush away from capacitance
Restu - One, The trumpet, perfect until it is (very suddenly) not. (very delicate)
Zai - Multiplicity, two flows, interference patterns yielding lines, walking upon the crowd, confluence of factors yielding clarity
Zen - Un, the recognition of all things and no things, Resolution of paradox, Cessation
	Nirrum's note: //I use this one excessively in my recursive rituals make them stop. This is a powerful word, and indeed understanding of its nuances are mandatory for any of the power word spells, as it is mathematically present in all of them. Take care though, using this word incorrectly can lead to utter failure of the spell or perhaps a complete collapse of existence on the part of the caster. Some ascetics actually toe this line and it grants them immense power, but such study is respectfully limited to the Mohara monastery, firmly outside of Manaharamu proper.//
	
	




The great words
Juna - the Vehicle, a balance that allows efficiency
