Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-10-24T15:43:02-02:30

====== Cleric ======
Created Sunday 24 October 2021

To be a Cleric on Snarl is to be a broker for a great power. Gods have a complicated relationship with snarl, as once, gods outnumbered mortals. Many clerics converge in Konia, the once proud city now tainted with all sorts of unspeakable horrors after the war of ants, with the lands around affected by this. This is the only place to find most religious institutions, as gods to worship are selected carefully. By far the most worshipped gods are Pelor, Oghma, Erathis, and Shashelas, second to whom are the Draconic gods as a whole. Some gods hang on with their own power, such as Tempus, Sylvanus, Melora all of whom more or less threaten people into worshippping them. A few gods, such as the Raven queen  cling to power in the world and offer critical work against the forces that would destroy the plane. Other gods, such as Lolth, Garl Glittergold, and Yondalla barely have any influence at all, and find it difficult to remain on the plane for long or contact people there. Some gods, such as Bane, have been thrashed by more powerful gods with more solid foundations for worship. It is hard for a purely evil deity to establish any root at all in the plane

None the less, any god may have a cleric, any religion can be represented, and any person may find themselves conscripted by the divine, with or without their consent. Clerics on Snarl are largely welcome, for their abilities to  cure diseases and solve many problems in life quickly are  treasured. Many people still have thoughts beyond life and giving peace and performing rituals is as important for the living as it is for the dead, though that varies from culture to culture.

Among both of the Manarahi peoples, Gods are fellow citizens, and must pull their weight to get their due, most citizens of these people have some trace of divine in them already from their origins in the deep prison tunnels, and all Manarahi know what they do against gods who threaten them for power. Among the Danzuishanese, the gods are government and patrons, and offer power in exchange for libation, and in the case of their gods, it is the power to succeed. Among the Skal dwarves, worship of the gods is a ritual of self-care and a fight against decay, while among their Drow Neighbours, the gods are distinctly unwelcome. Among the Konians, the gods are presently //too many// and //need to give them some space//, despite their attempts to do good. 

Find your place among these people and your God and Religion will be honored, for Snarl is a plane where threats are dealt with, and friends are as close as family.

