Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-04-14T01:26:00-02:30

====== Monster In The Mirror ======
Created Thursday 14 April 2022

A long time ago, before the dwarves tunneled into the aegis, when the Magic people lived underground, there was a little tiefling boy named Hazat. He lived in a small village in the north, and was a very curious boy, as children often are, but moreso. Unfortunately, he had a habit of lying. Hazat hated getting in trouble, so whenever he  did something wrong, he would lie and say he didn't. Even though he got better at it as he grew, he still got caught, so everyone knew Hazat as a liar. One day, Hazat was looking in the mirror to see if his beard was coming in, though he was still too young. As he peered into the mirror, he saw something that looked like a big dog behind him. Hazat looked over his shoulder and there was no one there, but as ice is cold the beast was there. He tried moving the mirror around, but the beast followed so it was always in view. He took the mirror to his mother and said "Mimi! There is a beast in the mirror but not in this world" And his mother said "Hazat, there is no beast in this mirror" and sure enough, the beast had gone. His mother did not believe him for his lies. Hazat's father was a wizard of some decent skill, and father ran to his tower to tell him instead. "Zizi! There was a beast in the mirror but not in this world but mother does not believe me!" and Hazat's father said "Hazat, your mother does not believe you because you lie too easily," And Hazat left. Hazat saw the beast more and more over the coming days, a great beast with a silvery grin, akin to a wolf that followed him around. Time and time again he told his parents "The beast is there!" but they did not believe him. One day, Hazat could not bear it anymore and left to visit his uncle. His uncle let him stay, and when he heard the story the boy told, he said "ah we must go back to bury your parents". Hazat was shocked, and indeed, when they went back to the house, all that was left of his parents were two bloody skeletons, still dripping with blood. As his uncled  worked to dig graves, Hazat asked "Gogo, Why did you believe me when they didn't?" Hazat's uncle gave him a pained smile, "People lie when they have something to gain, and you're too old to expect attention" And Hazat thanked him for his wisdom. Hazat's uncle said the beast might come back, so he would stay and watch the place while hazat grew, and that he must wander, and so he set Hazat out into the world to discover what he could. And that is how Hazat's uncle, a warlock, got a better house. 
