THE DRAGON COAST
Steinhaven

Kenku attack Tibeaux for bounty

Minnu Cosades, a Dark-skinned human with a squat nose and green-blue heterochromia asks For Ridicully's help in entering the university so he can gain access to their archives.

Frog is attacked by hungry Kenku rogues

Azrael and Krelthar are attacked by one more  necromancer, this one is a dwarf with a scraggly beard and ten skeleton archers

Forgus is Greeted by a giant of a man with red hair and a red beard with a red girdle, blue boots and white gloves. He holds a ridiculously large sword, which anyone with any sense would know to be entirely unfeasible in combat. 
He chats with him and offers him a pint of Fine dwarven ale. Refuses to give him his sword but mentions that there's a similar giant-made sword Halfway up the dragon coast, if you're brave enough to find it.



Tomb of Stelli Gahad. Built into overhanging slate. 
It starts first with a barred gate and a DC 17 lock. The gate is made of Iron, and will bend before it breaks. It is set on well oiled yet still creaky hinges. The first floor is empty, but has a barrel of sunrods, with only two left in it.



The next layer down heads further into the mountain. The room is filled with intricately carved pillars. There are traps set up by trip wires, trapped tiles, and false switches. There is a thick granite door. See map
Green tiles are arrow traps, they deal 1d6/r for three rounds after triggered.
Blue Tiles are Floor tiles that shoot ballista bolts when triggered. There are five bolts  in each row. They travel all the way through targets, 
Red Tiles are Pits that are 20 ft deep and end in wooden spikes that deal 1d10 damage.
Minecarts can get triggered by their respective levers
HERE THO
The second floor is pitch black, but upon opening it, you are greeted to a mausoleum of many (20) sarcophagi, in the center is a large statue of an aboleth and a dwarf. The dwarf has slain the aboleth with a smith's hammer. The air is cool and musty.

You are beset by four helmed horrors. Near the back of the room. They Target undead first. If there are a lot of undead, throw in a gorgon

The granite door leads to a small mossy cave, in some places, the moss glows dimly. one side of the room is a sudden drop that leads into a subterranian river, and from there, the underdark. The path winds down until you reach A Master craft door made of prase opal. It sits embedded in a small tomb in a wide field of mushrooms, some glowing, some not. From behind you, you hear the roar of some Cavern Monstrosity as it creeps up from the depths to attack! BEWARE ITS POISON STING

Six troglodytes attack from behind the tomb

Mekiwaran the unsufferable Scourge,
Huge Monstrosity
Ac 16
HP 220  15
Multiattack 
Claw, bite, Sting +8
1d12, 2d6, 1d8 con save 15 or poisoned and 1d6/r



Inside the tomb, in the hands of the dead king's sarcophagi is a large golden orb. 
Holding it occasionally gives you glimpses of the future. The first person to do so will see glimpses of the tropical dragon coast, various structures that resemble mesoamerican temples, and gnashing teeth.
The orb is partially sentient and wishes to reunite with Yazi, the seeker of destiny

Provided the players survive that hell hole, Cosades gets punched in the face by Bullji Svilsbo. In Tow there is Vregal and Derrek. 
Vregal only reacts if confronted
Derrek smiles and attempts to pick Tibeauxs Pocket


