Critical Failures:
Badger Attack
Cloud Giant's Notice
Hill Giant's notice.


Unicorn Hunt

Jianoch Sio proves to be a very vast landscape, Covered with great hills. On occasion it is dotted with Groves, slotted with lakes and ponds. On occasion one can spot a hill giant stand up and begin roving or hunting. Also Frequent are deer and giant elk, along with goats. 

Searching for the unicorns is going to be an ordeal of its own, but you set off, wary of Giants. Roll History or Nature. 
Add clouds to that list. 
The party present must make several nature, investigation, and perception checks to track the Unicorns. On the first successful check, you find more tracks leading south. On the second you find a gored Ogre, at which you are attacked by a small half-ogre.


Storm Giant's Order

Back at the ship. It is dull and humid. Gulls that nest on the steep incline that is the majority of the coast and their loud Squeaks fill the air. The water is a sapphire blue beneath the ship, a stark difference from the cold grey from further north. The captain has some of the crew swabbing the deck. Suddenly the ship pitches to port lightning strikes the cliff face several times revealing a large cave. The entrance is well carved, as if the rocks that fell had simply been overlaid on gorgeous architecture. The main arch bears runes in some other language (History: Giant). When the rocking stops, the stones that fell off the cliff make a small jetty, and an easy landing. 

"Royt. So uh... y'gonna hev a look at that?"

"Wot, Yeu not gunna swab the deck, I doubt Iver of yeh gunna feed the Bird, thes probly treja theh, it's obviously magicul."

Perception check if they leave "royt, mates, Gaver round, place yeh bets"

The Cave leads to a long, dry hallway. The walls are carved with a long set of runes, similar to the ones outside. (they tell a tale of giants building these prisons for their own demons). When the entrance is just a tiny dot, a star in a stone sky, the hallway splits, There is a slight breeze coming from the one on the right. Heading down that one will bring you to A vast stone room.  Sitting in a briny pool on a throne is a Huge Giant, Huge even by Giant Standards. He has powdery blue skin and a deep purple beard, which hangs straight  down over his armor, a dark grey set of plate. The room is lit by light let in by a hole in the ceiling far behind the Giant's head. He waits patiently for both of the adventurers to enter the room fully before speaking
"I have a job for you two. Yes, I know you're there. I will not pay particularly handsomely, and you will take the job anyway"

"Because your greed will overcome your pride when I tell you what the job is"

"I want you to /slaughter/, ruthlessly and with great efficacy, the unicorns that are plaguing my lands. Lands I had set aside for others of giantkind before any of the mortal races came to this prison plane. A plane I helped build."


Unicorn Introduction 

As the day stretches on, the sun casts the sky in vibrant magenta, The hunger of the group is getting to them.

(create food is bland)

A hill giant spots you and charges, seeking a snack of its own. 

Near the end of the fight, The giant falls, gored in the back by a rather noble looking unicorn, whose silver horn is covered in crimson blood, It Nods  and shakes its head and approaches you slowly "Apologies and welcome are in order" says a tenorous voice in your heads "one from us, one from you" It motions to follow it to a nearby glade.

A matter of consequence.

"Unicorns are not native to this plane. The unicorns here are abberations in their own kind" Says the giant, "Who banishes a unicorn? Really! Either something evil, which is just going to kill it, or something good. And what good is there in A good creature attacking a unicorn? None. Literally invokes Divine spite. These unicorns were sent here by their own. They are monsters, dually psycopathic and bloodlusty. It has been two hundred years since I set up my trap, and now they're about to fall into it. Your comrades are the key that opens the door to their destruction, when they are inside, I need you to close it"

"your reward is me /not/ charging favors for slaughtering my livestock, taking you as slaves and feeding you to the hill giants one limb at a time. Your Incentive is somewhere in the realm of fifty unicorn horns and a misguiding wind to throw off your pursuers. What you need to do is simple. Make sure your friends are standing on blue tiles. Close the big door. Kill the stragglers. To demonstrate. Stand on that tile" The giant gestures to a tile, He also tosses down a Large leather sack onto it. The tile is covered in mother of pearl and shows a beautiful image of a unicorn mounted on a pike. 

The giant begins to sink "Byyyyye," 
Water begins to flood the chamber as the giant's throne descends below the cavern floor, submerging him in salt water.
the tile itself rises, floating steadily on the otherwise turbulent water, up toward the hole in the ceiling. 


At some point the chamber must have sealed, because you find yourself on top of the hill overlooking the bay. 


Ritual