The bank is down on the other side of the gallery canal, past the docks. Several ships, including the sister lay moored. One of the ships has slaves chained on deck, Iyrelm slows his walk. "Oi, y'know that time we had a run in with Khalidorians? 'n'how we didn't let any of them live?"


Ghosts in the bank vault
	The first room has two ghosts and two cambions. 
	The offices contain a vampire and a zombie
	The Stairwell contains one Ghost.
	The vaults contain ten minotaur skeleton.
	The vaults contain 9 500gp gems(topaz, 2 aquamarine, 2 blue spinel, 3 black pearl, and peridot) a potion of gaseous form, and a potion of dimunition, all in one small brown bag. 
	Back upstairs, Abe makes a dex save against 15 to grab the wand flying from his pocket, Even if he succeeds, the wand continually pulls. If the wand manages to free itself, Thatch steps out of invisibility and grabs onto it
	"You know, Ghoshtsh are beings with unfinished bizjnish. You're much better off sholving thehr problemsh. "
	
	Either thatch bails and leaves them fighting 8 zombies or he offers his assistance in fending off the hordes on the other side of the wall. The thatch they see is an illusion.
	

	
	The Next day dawns uneventful, The Ghost hunters show up early with a Paladin and a cleric of Waukeen to ensure the bank is cleared.  When the cleric is gone, the paladin stays behind to ask a favour. He presents an opportunity to cause mischeif. Believing in a fair trade, he offers the party 100 gold a peice to Locate the summoner for the Demons. They had first thought it was Pelebarchi, who had rumours of infernal connections. They suspect now that it is a different summoner, working for another force, largely as Pelebarchi seems wholly immersed in undeath. Abyssal Summoners are not threats to take lightly, so all the party has to do is find the summoner and then the paladins 
	
	
	
Search for the summoner
		The Paladin says that the Demons seem to come from the further, more derelict areas of Konia, further west, across the Rose Canal 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	As they leave the Bank, it is noon, They have half an hour to get home before the hellhounds come. They come in packs of 1d6+1. every 1d10 minutes
	
	
	
	