Cosades takes 5 damage from Bullji


Derrek and another shrewd looking individual are in tow (Yucca reho)

Derrek picks Tibeaux's pocket and takes his torch

If frog  does anything dumb, they get hit with 7d6+4 damage. from above
Bullji begins to berate them 

Talks about their bounties, a couple thousand each for piracy in Konia. He laughs when he sees Lazarus, Four thousand gold from any country for him, Dead or alive. 
Talks about how Cosades won't even make it to the next port 
Hefts an Axe

"Don't even try it Svilsbo" -EI
Svilsbo laughs at him calls him the Iyrelm Bastard, and laughs at how his own father sent an army to chase him
"I am a dissappointment all around, but don't think I haven't seen ye l'il fren up top." He looks up "None of that"

Vregal hangs from the ceiling, bow drawn. 

"I should kill you all here"
"try it. I'm stronger than you Svilsbo, you think I'm gonna be intimidated by a ... bully... in an alley."
"Are you Making fun of me"
"Nah mate, singin a song. Bully in the Alley"
"I-"
"I SAID, BULLEY IN THE ALLEY"
From between the buildings you hear the crew begin to sing. Ten of the strongest on the ship move closer
Bullji looks furious but Derrek grasps his shoulder
"whoa, hey, whoa yeah, no, we're moving on"
He smiles a shit-eating grin.

"Roit, Cap'n I fink we shud take ah leave"

In port, Iyrelm stops as you near the ship to talk to another captain.

Anyone near hears his conversation with Captain Tulio. A quiet woman stares as you pass by. 

As you leave port there are several ships heading in the same direction you are, 

a mostly dories, a few sloops and a frigate


Dories don't fight back, only have small amounts of fish

Sloops (20) have 

1d4
1 roll again but the frigate comes to help
2-3 50 barrels of 100gp fish one of these
4, 50 barrels of 100gp fish, 1000g in fur, 4000gp in diamonds one of these

The Frigate (30) has 1000gp in spices, 40 barrels of magical ale, and two cords of fragrant wood.
The frigate is armed with four ballistas (+6,3d10) (two on each side)
A box flamethrower(dc15,3d6 or 1/2x, 1d4 at the start of each of its turns. Spreads) with four blasts of oil,wizard



15000 gold in goods has been taken from the hold, The crew states that megwaf and loiti Started moving it just before the captain came back.

THE DRAGON COAST

The Stormy weather gives way as you round the point two days later, Off in the distance, you can see Dragons swirl around the peaks of what Iyrelm Calls the First roost. Birds fill the air which remains hot and muggy. Two birds land on deck near the captain. They Demand Tribute.
If some form of dragon-worthy tribute is not given up, Then two young Bronze dragons Resume their true form and attack. 


If Not, Dragonturtle later

Four days later with a favourable wind, The Tepet Ruins are reached. MAKE A FUKKIN DONJON


THE STORM PIERCER (cool name tho) has TAKEN DAMAGE