THE DRAGON COAST

THE STORM PIERCER (cool name tho) has TAKEN DAMAGE


The Stormy weather gives way as you round the point two days later, Off in the distance, you can see Dragons swirl around the peaks of what Iyrelm Calls the First roost. Birds fill the air which remains hot and muggy. Two birds land on deck near the captain. They Demand Tribute.
If some form of dragon-worthy tribute is not given up, Then two young Bronze dragons Resume their true form and attack. 


If Not, Dragonturtle later


Four days later with a favourable wind, The Tepet Ruins are reached. 
The tepet ruins are from one of the oldest surface civilizations on the continent. 


The Run-down port still functions,, although the stone pier is treacherous. (someone must roll a dex save to avoid falling into the water, where a Giant Crab Lies in wait to attack with advantage.

Anyone who looks down into the water sees the remains of several boats covered in silt, there is no treasure to be found. 

The city is made of Beige stone. 

Iyrelm looks at lazarus, Y'gunna try for it again?
 
The Source Stone, Said to grant straight immortality to whomever holds it. Lies Deep in a maze at the heart of the city. 

A Silver Dragon (mahi) waits at the entrance inside of a large pavillion labled "The Adventurer's kit"
He sells Every single mundane item and most trinkets. He is willing to trade everything at face value but sells with a 5 quid markup 



Including ropers/piercer,
 Mimics, 2
 Flying swords, 1/4
 Carrion Crawler, 2
 Darkmantle, 1/2
 Earth elemental. 5
 SHREIKER, trap 
 GAS SPORE, Trap
 grick pack,  2x12 1x7
 Medusa 
 Gelatinous cube, 
 Black Pudding, 
 Rust monsters


Behir, Beholder, Cloaker


These last three occur in order, the beholder and the cloaker are in the same room. The Beholder has moved in an attempt to get the treasure and the cloaker has snuck into its own small horde.

Nearing the center of the maze is the Forgotten Room. In a strange Elvish dialect, an inscription on the wall welcomes you to the Forgotten Room, In which there are five people. It names them as Elder Dramuut, Inmanue, Nuugehri, Horchin, and Kesnaan. It says that each one is kind and does their respective job with great vigor. It calls Inmanue and Nuugehri lovers, Horchin a Gardender, and Kesnaan a nurse.

The Forgotten Room is a Giant cave. It is dark, magical darkness in fact until its inhabitant casts Enhanced Thaumaturgy lighting several flat mica crystals with some arcane internal fire tinged brown. 
You come face to face with Elder Dramuut, the sandstone titan. He has a giant disk face without sign of eyes, nose or mouth. Instead of hair a crest of blue stone juts backward, as a bluejay's would. The rest of his body takes the shape of a sculpted man, but without nipples, a belly button, or genitals. He does not speak, he cannot be swayed to take other courses of action. He remains crouched, though the room is tall enough to contain him he walks largely on his fingertips

In the room with him are four similar beings with disc faced shapes but their body below the armpit is made of draped  red cloth, They are, Inmanue, nuugehri, Horchin and Kesnaan. They Emerge from the wall when Dramuut lights it.

  Gargantuan construct,
 Elder Dramuut
 Counts as a Structure for the purpose of damage
 AC18
  HP: 800
  STR:30 (+10), DEX 10, con 25 +7 INT 22 +6 WIS 18 +4 CHA 10  
 Saving throws 
  Str 18 dex 8  Cha +15 wis +13
 Immune to strikes from nonmagic weapons, Poison,
 Resistant to Fire, Cold, Lightning, Radiant, Necrotic, 
 Immune to blinded, charmed, Deafened,frightened, poisoned, petrified,
 Is a construct, does not need to breathe, has no blood, etc;
 Source of Magic: Is immune to the effects of an Antimagic field.
 
 Swat:  +18   the first target takes 12d8+10 and the target is either grappled or prone, Dramuut can grapple up to huge creatures with one hand. Any Adjacent creatures that get hit take 5d8
 Fling: One huge or smaller creature grappled by dramuut is thrown up to 70ft and takes 1d6 for each 10ft thrown. if thrown at another creature it's a dc 18 to dodge
 Bonus action enhanced thaumaturgy: Thaumaturgy but everything is better, 1d6 earthquake, 1d6 ongoing fire, 1d6 thunder damage 
 
 Legendary Actions
 3/day, only at the end of another creature's turn
 
 Swat or Fling
 Misty Step
 Enhanced Darkness (Bigger)
  
 Inmanue The Leader
 hp 75 
 AC 24
 str 10 dex 20 (+5) con 20 (+5) Int 20 Wis 8 cha 8
 Immune Poison
 Resistant to Fire, Cold, Lightning, Radiant, Necrotic, strikes from nonmagic weapons
 Immune to blinded, charmed, Deafened,frightened, poisoned, petrified,
 Is a construct, does not need to breathe, has no blood, etc;
 
 Actions: Blade Ward, Sanctuary
 
 Nuugehri The Follower
 Hp 75 
 Ac 15
 Str 10 Dex 20 (+5) con 15 int 18 Wis 20 (+5) cha 15 
 Immune Poison
 Resistant to Fire, Cold, Lightning, Radiant, Necrotic, strikes from nonmagic weapons
 Immune to blinded, charmed, Deafened,frightened, poisoned, petrified,
 Is a construct, does not need to breathe, has no blood, etc;
 
 +9
 Actions: Chromatic Orb x2
 
 Horchin the Warden
 Hp 75 
 AC 13 
 Str10dex15con20 (+5) int 20 (+5) wis 8 , cha 10
 Immune Poison
 Resistant to Fire, Cold, Lightning, Radiant, Necrotic, strikes from nonmagic weapons
 Immune to blinded, charmed, Deafened,frightened, poisoned, petrified,
 Is a construct, does not need to breathe, has no blood, etc;
 
 19
 
 
 Actions 
 Wall of Water
 Wall of Light
 Entangle
 Earthpulse (3d6 & prone)
 
 Kesnaan the Healer
 hp 75 
 Ac 13
 Str 8, dex 8, con 15 int 15 Wis 20 cha 20
 Immune Poison
 Resistant to Fire, Cold, Lightning, Radiant, Necrotic, strikes from nonmagic weapons
 Immune to blinded, charmed, Deafened,frightened, poisoned, petrified,
 Is a construct, does not need to breathe, has no blood, etc;
 
 Actions 
 Mending (Cure wounds, 4d8+5)
 revivify
 
 




