Cher-mina is surprisingly full of people. A lot of them wearing religious robes and insignias of various orders. 
Even some of the drow populus sport blazons of dozens of gods, some known to you, some not. Paladins roam the city, clerics are on every corner. Many eyes watch Krelthar, Abe, and Iyrelm with caution, Usagi and Zog go unremarked, Cosades on the other hand. Eyes keep turning away from him, raising questions. 
An insight check tells him that it is the sheer magic in him, the power of the storm is overwhelming.

On their way out of the tavern, A very well-armoured man comes up to Krelthar, "Ah, I didn't even know the Raven Queen HAD any paladins. Interesting she'd take so long to send one." 

Man wears the emblem of Lathander, god of renewal, he goads Krelthar about his god's impotence in konia. "The undead have taken over the citadel, Vampires, Ghosts, Ghouls. Konia's inner walls are all that stands between a very long nightmare and a lot of people. The nightmare is on the inside, which is the worst part. Manaharamu will not lend aid to an enemy it's barely done destroying, so we can't coat the place in fire like we want. So now we're dealing with the Raven Queen's incompetence, ALL of the gods of death seem incompetent here really. More's the pity, can't stand necromancers, necromancers we wouldn't have to deal with if someone's GOD was capable of keeping her domain in check." 

Man brushes off inevitable intimidation and leaves. Abe keeps getting accusing looks around town. See if they have enough drugs, booze, either way, lure Zog and Abe off on their own. 
"What are you looking at redskin?" Says one haughty cleric. Others laugh. "Trying to figure out what to cause trouble for next?"
Abe's response is key. If aggressive, press, if not, press anyway
"What's a shit-licking devil like yourself doing here? Done licking Asmodeus' Asshole for the day?"
Start that fight. 
 

Usagi has full access to supplies if she contacts the order of her god. 

Cosades soon finds himself in the accompaniment of Agamemnon, Who retrieves his arcanohedron. If Cosades listens to rumors, he finds that many holy artifacts from many gods and religions have been abandoned or lost within the walls of Konia's inner city. 


15
64
79
60
61
65

The night wears on and the crew finds themselves tired, Iyrelm recommends they get some sleep. As the dawn rises, the ship sails up off river







After a day of slowly sailing up the coast, the sister h