The Kobold Village het and the temple of Kord

As the days pass, Several of the crew show the advent of new magical abilities after weeks of exposure to the magical springwater. Everyone on the crew now has the use of Either thaumaturgy, Druidcraft, gust, light, vicious mockery, or mage hand at random that they can use once every short rest. The main party might find themselves with any cantrip at random with the same condition.


The only major settlement on this portion of the dragon coast is a Kobold village. 

They only speak draconic, they don't trust outsiders

Their population is around 20% uurd, Flying kobolds, an unusually high number.

They are crepuscular and only some move around during the day.

Their most interesting products are sunglasses made from desert sand and cowboy hats made from Sandy Bullette belly leather

They have built their town into the sandstone rock outcroppings, some of them make pavillions. of stones and leather. Their main sources of food are mice and fish and coconut. 

The guards are unfriendly and will not help the party

Kobold þeives hound the party and keep attempting to steal from þem.

4 KOBOLD HEROES And a shaman jump out to defend any kobold they attack, another shaman and a winged kobold attack at the end of initative

The Temple of Kord is Visible in the Distance. It is composed of a domed central tower set into a sandstone ramp. 

The Locals stock a rare sea spice at twice the price of saffron. All trade goods are gougy

At the edge of town, you find a path surrounded by monuments of Greenstone leading up to a collapsed Temple upon which is a Ancient Umber (bronze) Dragon, it demands tribute. The dragon sits on a small treasure pile. Underneath the dragon is The sword Benriramuda, as well as a potion of invisibilty, 30 thousand glass beads, and a bowl of holding (which functions like a bag of holding but has an open top, so don't spill it). A scroll of Detect Caverns lies just under the rubble.

As you gather the treasure the sun starts to set and abhorrent cries can be heard throughout the village below. A Slaad tadpole bursts from the corpse of the kobold hero, or the hero himself if he is still alive. If the Umber dragon is, for some reason alive, it shows only surprise. It will not help the party as they attempt to escape the town.

cue encounters. They refuse to attack frog but will aim for cubellious first.

The population of the town is now 2119 slaadi, 1060 tadpoles, 530 red 176 blue and one of those transforms into a green at the end of the night. They begin marching along the coast tirelessly after the party leaves.

