The players start up instead of their regular characters as Mercenaries, You are all in a tavern and you have recieved strange news

1) A knight named Errabent svilsbo Who spurs others to action, his very presence is inspiring  Drunk 7s
2) A mercenary with a wide hat named Estric who can't be surprised 
3) A highwayman who is missing a finger and whose name is Loiti, who uses two swords and teeth
4) A Bandit named Unfersigwilden who feels the room is too cold but has on him, No gold Halberd
5) A Miscreant with a swagger who toys with a sunrod he got for cheap, careful not to turn it on, named Apri 8s warhammer
6) A Veteran who learned prestidigitation during the war, named Megwaf 

You are all aware of a bounty placed on a Noble-Blooded elvish man, and his mysterious cohorts. You know one of them is very large and very strong, you know one of them can turn invisible, You know one of them is very good with a bow and can transform. You know one of them is a death domain cleric, and you don't know much more.

A bundle of wood for the fire costs five gold. 

The bartender is an asshole but his beer is good

Quickly! one of you has spotted them coming in!
 GET INTO POSITION

BACK AT THE SHIP
It has been two days since the encounter with the Dragon and Hieger, The ship follows the path without incidence until it reaches a very massive tree. This tree, the sort of tree that lives in stories and no where else, stands before you, peacefully, 25 meters around. There is a hum on the air as insects go about pollenating  the various flowers. A hydra lazily eats fish with it's 7 heads snapping into the water around the roots on the far side of the tree, it seems entirely unconcerned with the arrival of the ship and only one head seems to follow the movements until the others catch a large crocodile 

COUGH COUGH, HINT HINT HINT

Another week passes and the path grows surprisingly straight, The damage to the trees is recent, and the white circles of freshly exposed tree trunk can be seen .not far beneath the water, the boat travel speeds up as they get progressively deeper. at this point, the crew can, with a perception check, see something moving at the end of the path. 
All of a sudden  FOURTEEN GIANT TOADS jump out of the water and onto deck and attack!

After several hours, the ship paddles up alongside the Shambling mound that has been consuming the groves at a rapid rate, creating the path you've been following. Suddenly, it brakes right and into the forest again, revealing a wide and open ocean on the other side of rapidly thinning groves,

Iyrelm hands the helm to a crew member and goes to his brewing kit, Siphoning it off into a series of cups, He hands one to each of the crew, it is a simple ale but welcome after many months of rapidly decreasing amounts of Brandy other booze. There are three barrels left, It has been 170 days since the start of your journey. 

Night begins to fall again, Iyrelm passes over harbor after harbor, one of them he laughs at and says "This is one that we /definitely/ don't want to go into. 

