A difficult dungeoneering or whatever check can reveal a hollow wall on the leftof the chamber, where the orb lies. It is the Dark Crystal Eye of the Demon known as Carte/Teruna. It is the Carte/Teruna Stone, it Grants immortality to the holder and reveals the locations of the bones and the great seal. 


 
 
 MANA ULLA Ruins
 The origin of the Mana Civilization, currently based in Manaharamu. 
 
 It's built of alabaster and of significantly more architecturally advanced. The center of town has a large spring of magical water that brought the town prosperity. Iyrelm tells you that you need it to continue sailing, as the stored water is running low. 
 
 History check tells you that this was built on a Ley Node, a crossing of the paths of magic that snake the plane. The magic here is powerful, so powerful that the people who lived here had to leave when too many experiments failed.
 
 Encounters include
 Water Elementals * 3 1800 Attack at the dock 
 Nothics 450 x 4 (5.4k) Attack if any building is entered
 Oni 2900x6 (26.1k) Attack during the first short rest

 Storm Giant 10000 as colossus Is seen wandering on a collision course toward the party. Makes a second pass if they avoid it.
	

 A light pink, shardmind (Lokpra) who sells barrels at 10gp at the font 
 Stone Golem x 2 5,900 (11.8k) Who wander in after they have the barrels
 Gargoyles x 4 (5.4k) Who attack during a second short rest 
 Homunculi 50 Begin crooning loudly at sunset.
 Pseudodragons 50 begin rummaging through their stuff if they try to take a long rest. 

 
 

Treasure around includes:
A chestplate
Golves/Magical/missile snaring
3 50 gp gems
1 tube of universal solvent
10 +1 javelins That don't come back


IF KRELTHAR DRINKS THE WATER, HIS POWERS BEGIN TO FADE

Iyrelm asks krelthar if he's been keeping up with his oath. 

"Paladin's gotta 'ave summen to drive toward to keep his powes up. A paladin without a cause is just a regular guy, you've probably been kept going this entire time by favours alone. Thet's impressive."


GIVE OPTIONS FOR REDEMPTION QUEST. Valalen himself shows up to offer guidance.
 
The Cult, He says, is the reason he is here, the reason the Queen herself is here. After the dawn war, The raven queen worked with some powerful mages to seal the greatest form of necromancy. The strength of necromancers on this plane is due to the Carte Demon. It's not even a demon, it makes the creatures from the abyss appear piddly and weak. 

Valalen makes it clear that the Raven Queen is not weak, just that her enemies are very strong and numerous.

He takes his leave and says something about going north. 

The Dragon coast contains siginificantly less ruins as the players travel north. 



The north bend of the dragon coast becomes dry and stony, despite that, thunderstorms wrack the coast without spilling a drop of rain
 The smell of Ozone fills the air as An Ancient blue dragon attacks the party as they come around away from the wooded east shore.
It Darts around the party and draws out combat as long as possible.


 Iyrelm suggests their Treasure must be around somewhere. 

DC 16 athletics check to climb the wall 15 with a rope



Adventure day 69000
Ancient Blue Dragon 32500
Air elementals 2x6
Sinkholes (DC20 spot, dc15dex 1d6x10ft) some sinkholes have trinket on them

Also it's a goddamn desert, get some exhaustion checks

a DC 20 perception check can find the smell of the blue dragon in certain spots.

D12 11 for weaker, 12 for stronger 
Random encounter dragonturtle (119) (d6 hp+)






KOBOLD VILLAGE. 



