The Still temple

Medium Athletics DC to swim
The first room is an antechamber, it is submerged, but with a statue in the center. The Statue is made of Smooth Soapstone, but it is overgrown with dark brown algae. The statue bears an inscription. Agoji, the hero, waits here. The Script is Draconic.
The rest of inscription is a prayer 
"To follow in his footsteps you must not. You must learn the nature of stillness and serenity in order for him to teach you of stillness and serenity. By staying still, your progress becomes the fastest."


((the progress is to death, to age, to wisdom, to strength, to vitality, and then to your goal))

There is a skeleton collapsed at the bottom of the statue, it is mucked over but clearly visible.

The floors are covered in silt.
A small hallway leads to a higher room, Dry but with still and stifling air. Many small crabs can be seen scuttling across the floor. 
A sufficiently high Arcana check can spot the trapped tiles. The trapped tiles warp you out of the dungeon, facing away from it. The first tile is a trigger and a new tile is added to the bottom of the "glass" every round. When no one is standing on the trigger, it resets, one at a time.

The door between rooms is unlocked but pulls outward.
The door is "trapped" but in order to disable it, you require a small cable saw and theives tools

Opening the door sets several pillars in the room spinning, they seem to spin downward infinitely. A high intelligence check reveals they are actually cleverly rigged stone bands in a chain. They are in dragon they describe the path of realizations that Agoji took in coming to his centuries of wisdom. The bands are made so that once you have decoded one and moved onto the next, a cipher is revealed. Spending 250 days studying these bands increases your wisdom score and maximum by 1. On Each of the pillars, the first part of the cycle reveals a keyword, Mulhaan, Stillness in Draconic. This opens the second door. 

The next room contains a waterwheel, It is connected to the river outside. In order to stop the wheel you must make an athletics check, the wheel must be held in place in order to stop the rapidly spinning saw blade that is the next door.

The next room is behind a curtain of magic that holds the essence of thirteen druid Disciples of Agoji. They sit, waiting, crusted with algae, covered in scuttling crabs.

"Doo nat destarb da mastahe" one of them says "ae es restinge"

Behind them you see a gossamer thin sheet of magic obscuring the next room. 

They are only willing to fight if you attempt to continue

+4
1d8 melee
Entangle, thunderwave,  
AC 16 HP 27



When the last falls, the sheet of magic disapates, Revealing a slightly better than dimly lit room. The center of the Temple's pyramidal roof sits high above a stone dias that is offset to the west wall. at the top of the dias, a Man in splint armor stands absolutely still. Held Aloft and jutting through the temple wall is a very long, curved sword. Where the sword would contact the wall, there is a hole The sword passes through, contacting the flesh of the kraken outside. 

"Drem Yol lok" He says upon inspection



THINGS HAPPEN.

The passage to Steinhaven is fraught with unseasonable storms, and entering the port is a difficult exercise. (Tibeaux rolls persuasion to get clear). The town is dingey, made of barnacle-encrusted wood. There are two types of local taverns. The Kenku Drinking holes and the dwarven bars. Racial tensions run high in town, the two groups generally steer clear of eachother. 

Krelthar gets attacked by Undead. Twice. Different necromancers.

Cosades (absent first) is contacted by a member of the Cosades Family about his position at Manaharamu, and how the prospective youth seeks any one of the artifacts that the university hoards. 

Thibault is, upon looking for legends, finds rumors of a magical orb in the dwarven keep that can show someone when and how they die.

Azrael's goals are now in question, If Xundrin delivers, and he already has the ritual, what will he do in the meantime?

Forgus does things

Thibeaux's underworld Contacts link directly to the overworld mafia, they are nearby and unscrupulous.

The town is mostly Thugs and Scouts 


King Stelli Ghahad's tomb of fate


Orb ball is Yazi's orb of Fate.