It becomes clear why ganglegrove is what it is, the deeper down the trail you go, the more obvious it is that there are veritable monsters here.

Exceptionally large piles of floating shit, clogged with shark jaws and partially-digested croc hides, stick to the trees, enough for iyrelm to pull up the lifeboat and lash it upside down near the ship's bow. 

The ship's movement, hindered by the occasional root, turn, or branch blocking the mast feels like moving through the internal organ of some unseen verdant beast. Dock your rations accordingly, unless you WANT to eat that gruel the cleric makes. 

Occasionally the ship stops for the crew to have meals. Iyrelm goes to eat with them. 

Anyone who wanders onto deck has a chance of being either put to sleep or find themselves surrounded by tiny wisps.

This continues until after dinner. As the ship moves again, there begin to appear lights in amongst the trees. Soon they number in the thousands, lighting up the groves.
The ship sails out of the tunnel-like groves into a glassy and still lake, covered with tiny wisps. 

They are Will'o'Wisps, and they herald something very very bad. 

The pond is almost perfectly circular

"wait, somethin' dudn' feel roit..." Says Iyrelm, "shit. HARD PORT. GET TO THE HELM, KEEP US IN THOSE TREES."

But it's too late.
the edges of the glassy pond begin to shift and a massive tongue lifts the ship  into the air, pitching it to the side moments before it begins to drop into a gargantuan Maw. By Grace of luck, or as yazi would say, a twist of fate, the ship slides, intact, down the creature's tongue as the two jaws close in, their teeth like furry antennae, creating a thick web that only the smallest of birds can escape.

When the ship finally rights itself, it has lodged itself in a duct. One of the masts is broken and the world around periodically roils. Many of the crew are unconscious or injured. 

"roit." Says Iyrelm, Extricating himself from the remains of the bone chair "So uh, I don't wonna doi. We're not gonna last long without the ship."

After some discussion, "Wot bothers me, is thet, this is moi secund toim inside of a ship-eating beast."

"We gotta make it puke. Which is a problem, because the last one was armored inside, and it took a while for us to find a way to make it hurl"


"Ship had an alchemist who rigged up some alchemist's fire, sent'em down river, rode the wave."


Xundrin makes a perception check, his copper tele-ring has corroded in the humidity of the swamp.

"roit, we can find most of the bits in here, we need to get a special type of oil, bones soaked in acid, and uh, fat, I think, there was a specific type. "


You are in the esophagus, Good luck.

Random pools turn out to be Different Oozes
Gray Ooze and Ochre Jelly. The first is a trap, the second is an ambush predator. p 244 MM

p 249 MM, Otyugh. Sensory stalk pokes out of a pile of swamp guck --contains fat!

p 253 MM, Piercers drop from the ceiling while a roper P 262MM attacks from the ground!

A swarm of p 285 Stirges attack!

Three gricks p 174 are poorly attempting to camoflage into the wall of the esophagus, wedging themselves into callous cracks. --contain fat!  


two encounters in, you find the telltale sheen of the oil you're looking for. You see it stuck in a cavern that is about ten feet deep but only as thick around as your arm. (Puzzle)

Four  encounters in you find the bones in a shallow pool of acid. The acid does 1d10 damage a round. for the majority of the bones, they are so soaked in acid that they weigh 11 lb. The pool is brimming and if disturbed, some acid flows over into another nearby pool, where it stays. For every 5ft^3 of material that you find, the acid reduces its height by that amount. After 16 cubes, the acid is down 1, after another 16 the acid goes down again, four after that, and then less than one to get to the bones. 

Iyrelm combines them all in a small casque, then whips off his belt, takes a quick piss in the casque. "If yoll could oblige, it needs a bit more. He then drains an entire casque of spruce liquor, punches out the bottom and uses a steel band and the bottom to hold the first casque shut. "roit Get this as far down as you can without shaking it or rolling it, and toss it at the next opening, then run. And uh, Take time to pray before you do, this might end with our deaths, oor, it'll end with a story worth telling. "

The next random encounters are met with the caveat, don't shake the casque. There are two. 

If the party succeeds, then the ship is damaged and they have to find wood to repair it.

If they don't well.... whoops
