From Mickery you have sailed to the Edge of the Man'Anan Shore, You are now in the official protectorate of Manaharamu, which is notably sparse and unfortunately hot. Here you have encountered another port instead of an army of invading gnolls. There are no invading gnolls, I promise. There are, however Hobgoblins. Lots of them. It's almost like they live here. And, on the breifest of inspections, you ascertain that they do, or at least that they are incredibly efficient at moving in. The dock is a long wharf from town, built wide to sit upon the sandy shore. The village is called Shaat'guun (sweet land or shit land, depending on the translation)

You are set free on your shore leave to wander the town. 




six things to do in the town are 
1) Fight some invading gnoooo....mes. Gnomes. Rabid...mindless war gnomes. With pygmy war rhinos yeah DONE
2) Honey is available for sale at the price of wine but double the weight
3) Go to the tavern, the beer is bitter, they mostly serve gin and something that could be described as rum if you liked the taste of sugared asshole.
4) The local warlord, Lhesh Kaas Invites Krelthar to his keep. Their duur'kala 
	1) speaks of the gaa'ma, the wax babies,
	2) speaks of the bones and their desire to control them
	3) speaks of the hobgoblin's philosophy of death, and at length about the nature of strength and honor
	4) unveils the plot of the changelings
	5) offers Party payment if he decides to destroy these shepherds of undeath and to keep the bones sealed. His payment, other than gold, can include contact with the Tiefling rulers of Dwallat, 
	6) they have a Tool for locating bones, but to their shame, they are not powerful enough to hold back the Gaa'ma. Thus they have locked it away under a deep dungeon. 
5)	at double the price of regular weapons, Goblin-Made Lhesh-Sahraat can be attained, each one a single Dice value higher than normal weapons (see chart)
6)A target range offers a prize of 50 electrum (5s to 1e) to the best archer 5e to enter


five NPCs are 
lesh Kaas- the warlord
The smith hutaam
Chib Kamatut - local appraiser of goods, goblin equivalent of the mob
Orooi - Duur'kala, Historian
Shaat'Guul - Bugbear warrior

The next stop is "the plateau where there is rumor of a white tree that preserves life"
The ground is sandy, the weather is warm.
The locals refuse to speak to Xundrin or Cosades. If forced, they will attack. The Army will not help Xundrin or Cosades




Gnooooooome 
22hp 15ac
Bite 1d4
1d8 spear
1d6 bow 

caster 18hp 13 AC

Acid Arrow
4d4 and 2d4 next turn. 2d4 on miss

Gnome Pack Lord
16Ac
49hp
1d10 glaive
1d8 crossbow
command other, recharge on 5-6