As you leave the town you are greeted to a very crowded street that is under much construction. Where once stood the Cleric's Pavillions, a hundred temples and churches now stand, accompanied by workhouses and public houses. The Din of hammers on anvils fills the air as stone and metal are shaped to form the new infrastructure. A power grid is even being set up and wire set up from roof to roof. From where you hit the street you can look down and see the river, which is full of activity as ships come and go freely.

A perception check can help you spot the sister and a good one says that it's not only there but there's a lot of bustle on board.

as they head through town they pass a new-looking monument, a pillar with an elf lecturing to a room of people sits on a brass plate, it has room for an inscription but it hasn't been filled in yet.

When you get to the ship / house Iyrelm is there directing the crew
"Melora's Stinkin tits, You lot are alive.  All of you! Where in Khalidor's Asshole have you been?"

He explains on the way to the ship or while the crew works, that just after the thugs left, some Elf claiming to be a king, the bint that Xundrin had a romp with the night previously, and a couple of other blokes got into the senate and just smoothed everything over. Then, they gathered up the paladins, used the locals to get them past the walls of the citadel, one of them even got the ghost hunters to start some volleys from the walls themselves before setting up supply lines. They've spent the last two days clearing out the place. We've got to get to the ship/sail quickly if we want to make it to the Castle before they do. 

"Now the canal has been sealed for years but I figured we... Xundrin... Wot izzat." He points at the trap runes. "royt, that might be our ticket in. Hand that over and I'll be back with a plan"

The crew has an hour rest before he comes back with an Purple-skinned man in a White and gold Thobe with a transluscent disc floating behind him that's holding up several types of metal and glass. He commands the thing on board at the direction of iyrelm. If he spots Cosades He gapes openly. "Cosades? Riduclly? Professor Ridicully Cosades You are alive! What Happened to you?"

Cosades knows him as Yallali, Master Artificer and one of the longest standing professors at the university. He beckons cosades over to the bow, where he begins by Bending some wire to fit over the prow, He asks about Cosade's Circumstances. He mentions that Just this morning he recieved a messenger snake that told him there was a new king in Skalmirthon. "I'm a little concerned because it's the name of one of my students who DIED in Khalidor's recent attack on blackwater....lived up to its name if you as me" 

He continues about his work, if Cosades asks, "Pure Thaumic funnel with a battery. Sailors call them storm shakers. We rig them so they can't fire at living things, stone and metal infrastructure, the like. We have it send out a pre-pulse to push particulate out of the way so it doesn't get stopped by a fish or dust. We can't get it to not fire at wood, because of the position on the ship, but ones that have these built in can't fire at wood either." He slots two copper pipes into a very thick glass jar, one he slips a funnel onto, the other he pushes into a small square box.

After talking with cosades a bit he heads back into town, (or just leaves, depending on the case)
If he doesn't talk, Iyrelm does the talking after he's left "royt" he takes a Javelin and ties it from the prow to the tip of a tube that now faces outward from beneath it. He bothers cosades "Roit, can you uh, Fill this up? I think you just pump magic into it" he flips open a lid exposing the rune trap. He finishes Rigging the Javelin tight in front of the front tube.


Skeleymens
x8
Tatch waves hello at them when he sees they're not shooting at him.
Zombos X4 and a mage that shoots bolts of fuck shittery
WATER DEAD SNAKE THING

FLYING DEAD SNAKE THINGS

More plot.  

