Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-09-06T23:30:44-02:30

====== Alchemy of Rationality ======
Created Tuesday 06 September 2022

//The following is an excerpt from a chapter from the Alchemy of Rationality by Biraj of the White Line, one of the foremost minds of  Purity of  Thought, rarely replicated. The excerpt is itself mostly an excerpt of a report from a largely undocumented conflict on the west coast of varomar, though we have no other versions of this letter//

An excerpt from General Dian Sitio in his fight against the coastal aggression of the Manaharahi against the Gannaga delta helps describe this principle, that rationality as a concept must be tempered with truth, experiment, and an understanding that the balance of Concept and Abstraction is a hostile one. 

//What Randeep has not written of in his report is the mechanics by which he fails to conquer. He sees balances of singular straight lines as the summit of all knowledge and it is because of this that he has taken a force twelve times the number of its foes and returned defeated with only half that number capable of even standing, a tenth of those still capable of bearing arms. For every one of the Magic folk's spells, we have twelve swords, twelve bows, twelve spears, twelve breaths. We have spells of our own, and the heart of all people we once were. But these maji hold more than themselves, and Randeep cannot comprehend this. He thinks he fights twenty four thousand against two thousand but the maji hold their entire people as one. He fights twenty four thousand against one. Randeep would think this as a greater victory, but one does not need to have two hundred hearts to see the folly here. There are three principles among hundreds by which one can conquer. By numbers, strategy, and artifice. Randeep has numbers and in strategy he would be unequalled if he had the sense to see what that leaves the Maji. They only have artifice as a method for victory. The most dangerous of them all as it is the one that even with spies, one may have difficulty countering. My spies, your greatness, witnessed the length and measure of the art of the Magic people, and I can report to you only that I know why Randeep failed. In their pavilion, hidden as a beetle, my servant witnessed an exchange unlike any that any army of ours has ever undergone. Twelve mages handed between them strips of skin, glowing dice, compass and ruler, scales, and charts of immense complexity that held no sway over the battle. We have since recognized them as alchemical formulae, and since deciphered their work to be relating to the Chelation of Phlebotinine in the presence of low thaumatic fields at high pressure. Hardly the work of war, and assuredly this is what Randeep's spy reported back, but there is value in understanding all things, as while one mage sat with a screeching illusion, another conjured forth an outsider. Not a demon or devil, nor hag nor yugoloth, nor did they seem to be an angel. Fey perhaps, or some monster from the fell land. When this being touched ground, they were gifted a scroll, which had just been finished, and in return, they left behind a jar of pinkish green powder. The Mages mixed this powder with powdered stone and water from steam and buried it under their tents and domes before sleeping. In two days their line collapsed as Randeep predicted, but what he did not predict was that every single one of them would vanish, some into pockets, others far from the battlefield. Randeep did not predict that taking their camp was not only part of their plan but intentional entirely, the manaharahi have no need of tents, save to cover disrupted ground and disguise dispelled domes. Thousands of warriors gave themselves willingly, thoughtlessly to a spell that ripped them from battle. Without knowledge, without fear, without intent, without tactic, they gave themselves to their own people, knowing only that it was their people that ripped them from their lines as they went. When Randeep's forces filled the gap, the mixtures exploded violently, leaving glass where sand had been, and not even a shred of mist where there had been an army.  But what mathematician can fault Randeep? An enemy surrounded on all fronts except the spiritual. Breathless, toothed only in what meager steel that can be wrought from desert sand or that we see fit to sell, backed against an ocean with only small skiffs to bring them to their true ships, their forces split, their communication limited, their interest elsewhere and their food running low. It cannot be said that Randeep faced anything other than victory, making his defeat all the more shameful. No other general of yours would have moved against the magic folk that day. Three truths are known to us about our foe. They are measured, trusting, and dangerously clever. They are measured in that they know the value of their people. Randeep does not eat among his men, and knows little of their talents, and because of this he does not understand the Manaharahi propensity for caution in their choices. Had he known, he would not have assumed a suddenly empty battlefield was anything other than a trap. They are trusting in that they share their secrets with each other freely, or when secrets are kept, they assume that they are good secrets to keep. Randeep does not trust his men, and his climb to general was one of politics that he is wary of, and because of this, he did not heed the report of the buried calyxes, thinking them to be a trap against his rush. Had he known of their trust, he would have known that those calyxes were an asset worth burying without troops being informed of their purpose, and that he was the only one missing their use. They are dangerously clever in that they somehow made fireballs that took two days to mature with no sign of sigil, miniscule before ignition, and buried them under their own troops. Randeep thought he could fight an army of one with twenty four thousand. We can see who is more dangerous, and who is not clever. Had he simply left the manaharahi lines, they would have destroyed their own camps without harming the troops. Had he realized his enemy was planning something, he would have known to attack what they could not plan to save. //

General Sitio's point is made clear by his repulsion of the Manaharahi in the coming month, where he did two things. First, he negotiated with them entirely alone, without plan, and without any idea of terms. Secondly, he deputized a lieutenant in his command, who then attacked their deep water ships. Sitio's confusion at this choice of attack was true. His desire to know why the decision was made was true. He attacked an arm of one with an army of one, and then told them that he would clear up this confusion that happened in his absence. Using the traits of the enemy army against them, he was able to defeat their naval backup while their commanders were occupied with him. In practice this can be distilled further. Our knowledge is a tool. It is to be used as a tool is, which is in whatever way a situation demands. Trusting an army to win a war is trusting a hammer to build a house. It cannot be done without the hammer, but the hammer moves as the carpenter does, and anything can be a hammer in a pinch. To rely on any facet of knowledge is to forgo the truth that it is but an abstraction, and an abstraction can be defeated by context. Ignorance of results makes ill use of the tools at hand.
