Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2024-08-26T21:31:24-02:30

====== Destinations Terror ======
Created Monday 26 August 2024





==== Lueri Unshinihi ====
	However the party resolves this, they are pulled toward the nearest Castle of the Fey Courts, Lueri unshinihi. For an appropriate amount of favour they learn how to navigate Unshinihi's Grounds,
		
		"You seek the power of the Principal of curses. The Master of True ghosts, Perhaps?"
		"To get to lueri unshinihi, take that path to the edge of sundown, where the sky is still golden and lit. There you will find a manor of simple make, Wood logs stacked high, wide windows that feel small. It is cozy, as that is the province of the court of terror as much as that of glamour. Walk up the honeysuckle path until winter."
		"Should you leave the path, you will be lost. Though some less malevolent lords will let you return. after the 13th arch, you may find the Mizzuraer, of reaping and collection, or after the 30th arch, you may speak with the logoch, Of fading senses. At the 49th, the Creyhundeeth, of imminent disaster. The Blezzangionan, who you seek is a guest of the Lord of Terror, within the cabin itself.
	
	
	The journey is short, Lueri unshinihi is not far away from Jalahzo Gon, though it seems bordered by a relatively simple pine forest.
	
	
	Its pathway is paved in blue shale among overgrown green grass. The eyes of Fey eels look out through the grass
			The Creyhundeeth offers:
				**A goodberry bush, which needs daily watering and casts the spell goodberry once a day. **It is resistant to frost and snow but does poorly in heat. It prefers partial sunlight and very well drained soil, which must be partially wood fibres. 
				**An Acorn. **Shortly after leaving this area, a tiny baby fey emerges, proclaims itself Shewilladima, and tells the party to call her The Modwila at all times so she can keep her name, and shows the party immense love. 
					Shewilladima knows her favour belongs to the party, but she does not have much. she can grant a total of 19,341 favour, after which time, she will perish.
					Shewilladima is a member of the court of Valour. She is courageous but not suicidal. She has other ambitions, such as becoming big enough to hold a sword or even use a bow.
					She will sacrifice herself wether the party wants her to or not if they are going to lose something they love when they exit the feywild.
					She will help the party as best she can but she is CR 0. She will hide if there is danger and try to protect things important to the party if she can. She has a lift strength of 10lb
					She is easily scared by stories of violence, but is courageous in the face of it. 
					She can cast two spells: witch bolt once a day and Lightning lure as a cantrip. She has 4hp and a fly speed of 25ft. Her AC is 11
				**A tiny vampiric Mimic that disguises as a compass and tries to bite non-fey that it gets close to. It cannot get through thick leather and needs blood once every two days. More and it will grow, less and it will die.**

	Within Lueri Unshinihi's comfy front hallway, the party is instructed to take off their boots by a rather cheery looking clown puppet who is nailed to the shelf. Underneath the shelf is the line "do not free the clown, Please." If freed, the clown scuttles upstairs and is never seen again.
	
	There is enough room for maybe two or three creatures comfortably and taking off their boots requires an action. 
