Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2023-08-19T12:05:10-02:30

====== The Undying Host ======
Created Saturday 19 August 2023

Singularly selfish, no creature should embody the idea of life more than the Undying host. Unfortunately, they are more the disembodiment of death. A nearly shapeless ghost, barely capable of contiguous form at all. In Magical terms, the Host, the un-spectre, the Mawfog, the rotbringer, is the entity that knows the most about death. The Mawfog is dangerous to speak to, as it is almost as hungry as the shadowfell itself, and the more filled with life you are, the more appetising you are, paladins in particular, but the gravemist wraith smells death as wolves smell sheep, or as a beggar smells bread. Those close to death in some way can perhaps pique its interest enough to get more out of it than it gets out of you, but take care, for you are an easy meal. While the shadowfell itself is the greatest predator within the shadowfell, the undying host is personally responsible for about one in ten of all undead that roam the land


==== Temple in the valley of empty graves ====
	Rising up out of a crater, on the top of a hill, is a shattered abbey complex, and it appears unremarkable from the nearby buildings other than its position. Undead cannot approach it, the living cannot find it if they are hungry, those in between cannot remember what they found there if they leave it for even a moment. The crater draws in the unmourned dead, and it is here the mawfog feeds and learns and experiments the most frequently. Those who wish to remain close at hand to the unspectre to study and learn from death as it has take shelter in the abbey, which has long been protected by the chrysalis shell of the god it once stood for. Often the only ones in here are close to dying and trying to avoid it. To prevent the rotbringer from being drawn into the abbey by their passing, those deemed too close to death are often violently ejected from the abbey by those who likely will have more success.


=== Great Ritual of the Unbound Flesh ===
	Seen as an alternative to lichdom, the ritual of unbound flesh is one by which can carefully link their soul to their body in such a way that the passing of others is all that is needed to sustain them. No souls get eaten, no need to have a phylactery, just be present when things die and you get to keep going with very little harm necessary. The Ritual is difficult and risky. It requires replacing all of your own blood with the blood of a magical shapechanger,  then replacing that blood with coconut water while under the feign death ritual or similar. Then, when the hour is up you need to remain conscious and alive long enough to gain some source of temporary hit points while also dealing damage to a creature which is difficult because you're under the effects of five levels of exhaustion, this starts the appropriate flow through your body. If you fail, you will die within the hour unless you recieve medical attention from a //living creature.// Glyph of warding, runes, or spell storing doesn't work. If you accomplish this step you'll need to find a creature that's going to die within the next few days and siphon some of their soul before they do. At this point temporary hit points start working like normal hit points for you, they can stack up to your hit point maximum, your hit points never replenish for any reason short of a 6th level remove curse (which can be contested with an arcana (Charisma, int, or con) check opposing their spell save DC). Your new temporary Hit points diminish at a rate of one per week and you die if you reach zero, but you don't die otherwise. You can replenish these hit points when a creature dies within 10ft of you, giving you one roll of its hit die. You also will be asked to leave the abbey rather promptly.
	
	



