Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-09-14T10:16:46-02:30

====== Ugly ======
Created Wednesday 14 September 2022



	Listen, listener, to a story about an ugly child.
	Before the rein of Damalakur The second, in the Zuntir district, there were many children. 
	It can be said that during and after the rein  of Damalakur the second, there were still many children in the zuntir district
	But to the characters in our story, it is before the rein of Damalakur II: 
	Eknar Kabatmothram was a very very ugly dwarf. Moradin's hand was absent in the creation of their flesh, their parents were a smelter and a miner, both perhaps afflicted by metal flu.
	Eknar's face was distracting to all who looked upon it, so they took to wearing a veil for the benefit of others, as well as themselves.
	All dwarves know that children can be cruel, and Nolthag Nåzomatír  was indeed cruel. 
	With no family in the city, Nolthag was often left to learn good lessons in hard ways, and sometimes learned the wrong lessons.
	Nolthag picked on Eknar, because it was easy, and made Nolthag feel strong of spirit.
	It was not until Nolthag picked on Eknar's friend, that the truth came to light.
	Eknar's friend was even harder for people to look at, so hard that most people did not see him at all.
	He was very very ugly. Some fell being put effort into the curse that was this being's figure and face.
	He was born of slag and stone that cooled oddly, brittle in some places and plastic in others. 
	He walked like a rolling brick, stood upright like a root, and danced like a pot lid.
	It was a long time before Nolthag even noticed that Eknar even had a friend.
	When Nolthag picked on Eknar's friend, Eknar's friend responded with an offer.
	"For thee, child, I would offer a trade. 
	None shall ever be able to catch you, None shall do thee harm, None shall gainsay thy deeds,
	All thou will do shall be of equal skill to thy greatest work henceforth, and no word of disparity will reach thy ear.
	All I need from  thee, is thy name."
	To Nolthag, this was a great deal, for Nolthag knew no tales of the Fey, for whom names are all the power in the world.
	And that was how the Skal were rid of a very ugly child, for that nameless dwarf was never seen again.
	Eknar's face can be seen on the edge of the north mine gate, and has helped repel three sieges, and warded off hundreds of darkbeasts.
	Eknar's work was done on the pillars that support the seventh northwest mine tunnels, which stand to this day, and many of their children have told this story.

