Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-04-11T18:19:15-02:30

====== Where They Learned Fire ======
Created Monday 11 April 2022

written 4889, Author unknown, from a private library in Toution, on what is now the coast of ruins

It was a cold winter, when Melucin's family died. The harvest was the weakest it had ever been, and the family was down on their luck already.  Melucin, barely a man of sixteen, was the only one to survive. When spring was right under way, he burst out of his house, which had long been emptied and his family laid to rest in what graves could be dug, fit as a fiddle. He went down to the ocean with a bucket and dove in without saying a word to anyone, not a soul, didn't even stop at his family's graves. He came back up with a bucket full of seaweed, dumped it in a pile in his family's field. He then went back and did this twenty nine times. On the thirtieth time he came up with a flounder between his teeth. There wasn't a scrap of spare wood left in his house but the smell of cooked fish wafted across the village that night. The next day before anyone else was up, he climbed up the cliffs of the cove with a scrap of bone from his mother's grave, and he scraped off all the bird dung off the cliff from cove to head, put it in his bucket, and put it in his field. It was nearing dark when he went down into the sea and again, came up, this time with two connors and a sculpin. That night the smell of cooked fish spread across the village again. The third night, the other folk in the town were dying of curiosity, as melucin hadn't said a word to anyone since he emerged from an empty cabin. They sent a child into the cabin to wait  and see what he did at night, and how he cooked that fish with no firewood or tools. The child hid in the loft above the door, where Tenucin used to store his tools, while Melucin was out hurling the biggest rocks he could into the creek above the field. As usual, the last thing he did was dive into the cove and come up, this time with a few crabs, which he put in that bucket after he washed it out. That night, the child could barely believe what he saw when Melucin came back to his house. Melucin set the bucket down near the hearth and reached in and pried up one of the flagstones that made the bottom of the hearth. Underneath was slaggy earth, nothing special until melucin stood back and set to throw a punch. He threw all of his weight into that punch and instead of hurting his arm punching air, deep blue fire shot from his hand into the pit beneath the hearth. Twice he did it before placing the flagstones back, then he tossed the crabs right on the stone which sizzled as soon as they touched it. Melucin ate the crabs then went to lay down in the corner of the room where the bed had been. As soon as he seemed asleep, the child climbed down out of the loft, ready to tell the others. The child was scolded for lying, but the next day early, Melucin found his family's axe in Dral's Shed, among some other tools, put them back inside his own house, and went off to the hills to cut wood. While he was out, several folk decided to check the flagstones in his hearth, and like the child said, slaggy earth melted together. The folk of Toution are not fond of magecraft, nor anything beyond what they can do with their hands, so they all decided that Melucin keeping to himself was a good thing. The law of course, bade them return Melucin's family's belongings, and indeed most of them made it back to where they came from before Melucin came back, hauling a wagon of firewood that should have been hauled by a horse. On Melucin's cart, right on top, was a bear with a scorched exposed skull and barely any hair left on its hide, more or less confirming what the child had said, and that night, the smell of bear filled the town. Melucin didn't come out of his house the next day, nor the day after that save to check on his field, but on the third day after cutting wood, he left at the crack of dawn with his large cart. He came back with a mound of clay, then went down into the cove to get more fish. It was a harsh spring for everyone else, and others were getting a bit jealous of all of what Melucin had, even though he had started with less than what they did, and they sent the child in to take some food, and even though the child came out with an armful of smoked bear, Melucin didn't notice or said nothing if he did. Twice more he went to get clay, made a kiln and made a small legion of fired pots, and on both nights he went into the cove to get fish. Around the point, it was Dral who had had enough. He approached Melucin, the first person to do so, and said "Melucin son of Tenucin, What in the hells are you doin with all this"
And Melucin tried to speak but couldn't say a word but beckonned Dral into his house. What Dral there shocked him. Every rafter and beam was hung with smoked meat, mostly bear, and a couple of fish. In the middle of the house was a few  pots that were so wide they would barely fit out the door, but so shallow they couldn't have held much of anything. Melucin picked up one side of one of the pots and nodded at dral to pick up the other side. They fit it out through the door and brought it down to the cove where Melucin dunked it in the water, then he waved his arm to bid Dral to stand back. He wound up for a punch toward the pot and with a loud of steam and a lick of navy fire, he boiled all the water out, leaving a layer of salt. Dral didn't have time to react when Melucin scrambled over to the pot, scraping the salt out of it with his bare hands, only a handful, but enough. He grabbed Dral's hands, poured the salt into them, and closed those hands tight, only to dash back into the ocean for more water and to repeat the process. On the second one, he ran back to his hut, leaving dral with a handful of salt and none the wiser. Melucin wasn't long gone before he came back with a vase and continued gathering salt, tiny bit at a time. Dral stood there frustrated, still not understanding, until he decided that it was taking too long, and grabbed some driftwood and set a fire. With a few well placed rocks, he balanced the wide clay pan over the fire and let it steam slowly away, and was shocked when Melucin gave him a silent hug. Melucin bid him sit down, and dove into the sea. He came up with a handful of mussels and gave them to Dral, then ran off, leaving Dral to man the fire. Dral wasn't sure of what to do, he had planned to furrow his farm today, but Melucin seemed insistent on gathering this salt. As Night began to fall, he scraped up the last of the salt, and brought it to Melucin's house, a decent pile by this time, but not enough to do much with. There he found Melucin, passed out on his bed from exhaustion with the dried trail of a tear on his face, half-eaten bear jerky in his hand and his axe head lying on the floor, dulled beyond usefulness. Dral was not a clever man, but he knew that there was too much firewood outside, now almost half again what had been cut the other day, for Melucin's needs. Doubly so for someone who could throw blue fire from his fists. The young man had cut easily enough for three or four families to survive a winter. It was that moment that dral looked at the piles of seaweed, bird droppings, and a newly added small pile of fire ash, and realized what the boy's wish was. He left his own axe in the boy's house that night, took down a bit of bear jerky for his family for that night, and went to sleep himself. The next day, Dral woke, just after melucin did, took some firewood from Melucin's Pile and went down to the cove, setting the water pan over the fire, and then set to work himself. He went about fixing the sluice that used to run the old mill, left in disrepair after the last winter, and got his wife to help face the stone so it would grind. When others asked why he was doing it so early, he told them. "It was a hard winter last. I think that boy doesn't want to see folk die again, I think he wants us to have wood and food no matter what the winter brings, and I think he's gonna work himself to death if we don't cut him off from doing all the work." That day, when Melucin came back into town, his cart filled with forest mulch, he saw not one but three of his flat pots on the beach over fires, the boys of the village diving for seaweed and mussels, or warming up by the fire, the men hauling in wood, and the women throwing clay to make bricks, and moving bricks into kilns, he stopped. For the first time in days he stopped and sat down, next to his field near the top of the town. No one saw it happen, but when they found him, he had turned entirely into wood, a dark blue flame sitting in his chest where his heart had been. To make matters stranger the other villagers began finding that when they spread the mixture of seaweed, ash, and dung on the field, that Melucin's plot grew abundant, where others were still scant, a matter quickly remedied. Stranger still, they found bones of a young boy in the woods under an apple tree in late spring, surrounded by a ring of mushrooms, and wearing melucin's old coat. All in all, the villagers all say that they learned fire from that boy, or whatever he was, and that fire persists to this day. Every now and then, when years are harsh, a child disappears into the winter and comes back with colored fire of their own. No others have turned into wood, nor were any of them mute, and they all say that under the apple tree, they found a way to a mountain where they learned what it meant to have fire.


