Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-04-07T23:24:37-02:30

====== The Girl and The Compass ======
Created Thursday 07 April 2022

**Content warning: Abuse of power, Coercion, Abandonment, Domestic violence, Adultery, and honestly, just sadness.**

At least twice in the past, on a little farm somewhere near Konia, was a little girl named Ilra. Ilra was a noisy and boastful girl, but she was quick and excellent at hide and seek. One day, near the river that ran though the farm, she found an animal's skull with an eye in the middle of it on a pile of moss, and it told her "Oh Child Oh Child, your father has been telling lies" came the voice, "If you follow this compass it will show you to the truth." A hand reached out of the moss with three fingers, covered in skin the colour of the sea she saw once, holding onto a little box. In the box was a needle, balanced on a needle. No matter how Ilra turned, the needle always pointed the same way. "Go child and find the truth, for the truth is always good isn't it? Give me that bow in your hair in exchange for this box which points to the truth." Ilra did so, and ran to find this truth her father had been keeping hidden. 

The compass lead her to a pile of hay near the sheep, and she dug into that hay with fervor. She found a small bag of silver coin hidden there, and she ran home  to show her mother what she found. She burst through the door. "Mother Mother!" Said Ilra "I found silver in the hay!" 

As her eyes adjusted from the sun, she found there were three men in the house, each with a sword at their hip. "Child, that silver belongs to us, will you give it here?" they said. Ilra's mother looked frightened, but Ilra looked at her compass and it pointed at the men and so she smiled and said "you're telling the truth!" And she gave them the silver. 

When the men had left her mother said "Child oh Child, now we will not have food to eat for the winter, that coin would have kept us well fed, and those were bad men," but Ilra wouldn't hear of it, for she was taught that the truth was good. While her mother pondered what to do, she sent ilra with a note to town. Ilra could not read yet, but her mother said to find the preacher of pelor. Ilra set out and it was a good few hours until she made it to town. She wandered to the temple after playing with her friends for a bit and gave the note to the preacher. The Preacher said "I see I see, go give this coin to your mother and tell her to visit me tomorrow" And Ilra did. 

When Ilra made it home, She gave her mother the coin and told her what the preacher said. Her mother kissed her head and gave her supper and then sent her to bed.

The next day, her mother headed out, and Ilra went to work with her father. Her father asked her to bring some wool to her mother to spin. "But mother is gone to see the preacher today!"
"That's strange little child. The preacher spends this day of the month alone praying, everyone knows that."
"It's no lie papa!" and Ilra showed her father the compass that points toward the truth

Her father said "go play inside for  the rest of the day, dear Ilra, I have to go to town to find your mum"
And Ilra did so. 

Ilra didn't have dinner that night, for her father and mother didn't come back. The next day, she had curds and young oats for breakfast, for there was nothing she knew how to prepare. She went to town to look for her mother and father. When she got to town, she checked the temple first, for that is where she expected to find her mother. And indeed, she found her mother, laid gently in a box, dead. Next to her was the preacher, also dead, and watching over them was the young preacher and a town guard. When she asked them what happened, the two did not want to say. "Your mother did something very bad, and then your father did something bad. Do you know where he is?" Ilra thought for a moment, and said no, but she knew how to find him if she only had her compass. The Town guard pulled the little box out of their pocket. "Your father dropped this after he did the bad thing, Can you find him? Truth and Justice must be done." And she nodded. Her father was a good man, so there's no reason he'd do something bad. 

She followed the compass, Guards in tow, to find her father hiding in the barn of a friend. The guards accused her father of murder, and the compass pointed at him. The Guard took Ilra's father away. 
"But how will I make food?"
"Is there no one else in the house to help you little child?"
Ilra was about to say, when she noticed a sneaky look in the person's eye.
She said "Well yes, grandpa's as strong as an ox, but his cooking is like boots"
She noticed her compass point away from her, and so did the person.
Ilra ran home, certain her lie saved her life. 
"oh why did I tell the truth so much? This compass has only brought me sadness"
At that moment there was a knock at the door, and Ilra, knowing it was someone come to take her away hid.

They never found her. No one ever found her again, though perhaps they didn't look under the strange clump of moss with the deer skull on top of it that waited near her door with a little bow on it's antlers.
 

