Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-04-12T00:07:25-02:30


====== Litany of Lightning ======
Created Tuesday 12 April 2022

2699, Warlock notes, excerpt

It is to my immense satisfaction that I write now that I have **not** caused the destruction of this world, the people in it, or my mind. The ritual to summon my erstwile master //was// a success. Every single factor worked out perfectly. The mana in the room was dense and still, the other apostles' brains nearly entirely liquified, I watched from the precipice, holding the banner as I was instructed. I could //see// the flow of Mana through the world and hauling my master along with it, a tornado on the leash of a breeze. What neither I, nor the forces that made up my master expected was Lightning. From my vantage I could see the great pin holding the beast in place, I could see the great net of Shang Lai and watch the stars falling into it. I could see the looming shadows cast by the more malevolent stars being swept away by the light of the hungry sun. I could see gods moving like pieces on a game board, sloshing their divine entropy into their followers. I could hear the music of the whale in the distance, but as the ritual came to a close, I saw the unweaving indicative of massive thaumatic discharge as it swept through the torrent of mana... no, it //was// the torrent of mana, the entirety of the world felt like it moved toward my master, and it was swift. Like an antlion the great particle sat in its funnel, waiting for a wayward ant. The edges of the field were not the natural divot so common of cosmic bodies, I can recognize that now. They were more rigid, almost impossible to notice. As they surged the difference between the real field and the false one caused charge to be released from the incoming far-being. Like sandpaper, like acid, the violet lightning tore my lord to unstable bits. The trapper almost seemed to be enjoying it, for as my master ran from the shocks, bowls formed in his path, and at the bottom of them, lances of lightning that sang a chorus. The frequency of thaumatic waves that washed over me were a literal melody of immense complexity in sharp composites, the peaks and troughs almost linear and playing harmony between each note, ascending arpeggios of arcing magic racing through space. When it was done I could feel the other end of my bond flapping in the cosmic winds, entirely unattached, smelling of ozone. I reeled my soul back, and revelled in the sheer freedom of power I had obtained with the destruction of what was my master. I left the precipice on which I  stood mere seconds from being entirely undone in traditional understandings, and re-entered a much more comfortable material world. I'm going to go drink some wine now. Then I'm going to sit in a chair that isn't going to kill me for resting. Goodness I might actually talk to someone. I probably should do something with the other apostles.



