Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2023-09-29T18:00:17-02:30

====== River of Tea ======
Created Friday 29 September 2023

//Translated from Draconic//
	 Ravi Kennar is often credited as being having the most discoveries of any in the land of the dragonborn. Every new face called Ravi Kennar is one that will have a look of immense pressure in their teenage years, often lashing out as they deal with the pressure of being Ravi Kennar. Many of those learn before they make drastic mistakes, that they //are// Ravi Kennar, and that they can relax, nothing is expected of them other than to be themselves. As usual, it is here where Ravi Kennar discovers something new. When Devika Gauso was the first to offer her boat (as they have done for many Ravi Kennars before) to a freshly rejuvenated (lit. Hatched, shed, No longer itchy. In this case referring to not being under pressure) Ravi, he headed north along the coast, which is not an uncommon thing for Ravi to do. Ravi sailed for two days, hugging the coast with their friend, Ishmael, a white from the maze, who was a sailor for Devika. Both the youths moored near the highlands in a long sandy cove, and set off to explore the river that poured as a waterfall into the cove off a cliff into a pool of rocks. They followed the river to a wide marsh and spent the day catching the catfish that lived in that high valley. While walking through some tall grass to retrieve a bird they hit with an arrow, Ishmael crashed teeth-first into a large flying eel. It chased him and he ran back to Ravi, and both boys ran as they could from the monster. It chased them into the marsh and both boys found the sun ran from the sky as they tripped over each other into a pool. As Ravi stood and ran, the Eel caught ishmael in its long phrayngeal jaw (Lit. tooth-breath) and devoured him as it came through from underneath that sunlit puddle in the middle of a dark marsh. Ravi has always been a curious sort, and in searching for himself knew of the fey lands, in which he now stood. He ran out of the marsh and into a barren hillside, toward the sound of loud machines. Ravi passed into what is known as Cogkeep (Cam Castle in draconic, the sylvan translates easily to both.) The loud switching of an escapement the size of a town sending thunder to his bones
	
