Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2024-10-28T01:44:30-02:30

====== Coda ======
Created Monday 28 October 2024

	I have long stood in silence in pursuit of peace, but it is by chance that I found peace. Following the eight-step path in Mohara can be difficult. Life is tiring and politics never cease, even in a monastery. One day I left to walk the mountain trail in hope of finding peace. I met a creature, a gnome-like person, who giggled and danced along the mountain path, saying the way was blocked. The path seemed clear and indeed, all paths are clear, so long as we keep walking, and I said as much. They instructed me to keep walking and tell me how clear things were. There were clouds above mohara when I started walking, but when I decided to continue walking, there were no clouds. I found myself in a grassland dotted with trees, rather evenly dispersed. There was no wind in this place. The day was a little warmer than the monastery, but not unpleasant like the city. I could only hear my heart and my footfall as I made my way to the highest point, a white hill I could see barely. From its top I could see no mountaintop, no city, no desert, only this new, sparse forest. I thought to contact my comrades in Mohara but... A moment or two in the silence wouldn't hurt. I sat and then meditated. I do not know for how long, for the sun did not move, nor did the weather change. Nothing at all seemed to change here. But then I coughed on a piece of spice that was lodged in my throat from the morning's rice, and had been there the entire day. I watched after the cough, as a black wyrm, or perhaps a lizard with a thick neck. A scarf of feathers sat around where its mouth would be but I could not see that these feathers were like  petals on a flower around a beautiful face, until that face grinned cruelly at me. I profess, I was annoyed that my peaceful place was disturbed by this creature, but I was laggardly from trance. The Creature was confused, at least this was evident on its face, as it seemed to wait for me to speak. I showed it the seal of the eight steps, perhaps it could ascertain my purpose without me having to break the blessed stillness, as it seemed... sapient. It reached a slow claw for the pendant, and then took it. I had managed to get it channelled properly, so I was quite fond of it, but all things are transient. When I did not reach for the pendant, the creature's smile returned. A softer, charming smile... then as if erupting from the inside, her eyes, mouth, nose, ears, all released a pale light. I felt magic flowing toward me, cautiously, as how I showed the pendant. I looked at the magic, held it, and found myself facing down the mohara trail, back the way I came. The magic slipped into my body like a dropped coin into a crack, and I felt it click into place as if it had always been there. I could now make silence where ever I wished. Somedays I still long to return to that still place, but I think my offering of thanks would not be welcome. 



