Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-09-11T13:32:22-02:30

====== Favour of the Wood ======
Created Sunday 11 September 2022

Synopsis: Man saves a tree even though he needs firewood, protects trees from others who needs firewood, Survives the year of darkness
Intent: Write it in Manar


Our story is true. It begins just before the year of darkness around 2490 and ends when it is last told.
Aloakaki Duusha, a person of no great repute, seeks firewood. for the coming winter. 
The lands of the Ushlubarel, a land of many rivers, the temporary home of our people.

Aloakaki wandered into the woods, as he had many times before. 
Winter's reach was early in the valley. Trees had already begun their shedding, fruit had already begun to ripen and fall. Few were well prepared.
Aloakaki spent much of his time in the woods, as had all who grew up in the village in the valley, and he knew of all the paths that mattered and most of the ones that did not. He knew where to find fruit, he knew where to find nuts, he knew what paths the yearly crabs took, and he knew what fens were favoured by moose. He knew of all copses that held trees good for firewood. He knew much.
And so too did all who grew up in the village in the valley.  

Aloakaki knew there was a tree by the fork in the paths, one which lead south, the other west. 
It was large and thick oak, and all the children of the village in the valley knew it.
It bore no fruit worth eating, and shaded the path only somewhat.
 So aloakaki decided to cut it down, that he may survive the winter.

Aloakaki did not travel far before he saw the tree, and the sight of it filled him with nostalgia.
All children of the village in the valley played in this tree. It was home to many child-houses, the subject of many games, and the object of much safety.
Aloakaki shed tears easily over what he intended to do.
But Aloakaki knew the oak was the best chance he had to survive.

As Aloakaki went to strike, he found himself burdened by the thought of harming the tree, and in weakness, could not bring himself to detach from his love.
He left the tree unharmed and walked further into the wood.
Aloakaki gathered a hand-cart of wood and carried it back the way he came.
He was satisfied that he did not cut down the tree.

On his way back, Aloakaki found another about to strike the tree.
Aloakaki in anger told off the other, whose name is forgotten.
He gave the other half his cart in exchange to not harm the tree.
And thus the tree was unharmed.

The next day, Aloakaki had to find more wood.
He revisited the place where he had been before, and took also the branches of little value that he had left behind.
On his way back, he found another about to cut the tree.
"In the name of who we were as children, do not cut this tree" 

Aloakaki gave, again, half his cart.
And Thus the tree was unharmed.
And so it was the day after next
And two days after that.

Aloakaki had gathered only just enough wood to survive the winter if conditions were fair, as he was strong,
but others eyed the tree with envy. They did not wish to risk the chance of death.
To them, Aloakaki gave half his all. Half his house, food, magic, and eventually, his life in servitude, so that no one would harm the tree,
And thus the tree was unharmed.

Winter was indeed harsh, and those that aloakaki had given half of himself to prospered, but Aloakaki's family suffered. 
One day, in the depths of the last month before the new year, Aloakaki, Went finally to the tree.
It would take all his strength to cut enough wood, and he did not have the strength to carry back far.
But family is important, and Aloakaki had no intention of losing his.

When Aloakaki reached the tree, he cried.
To the tree he said, "I tried to save you, but I will die if I do not gather hard wood. My children will go cold, and my wife will freeze.
I am sorry"
And he raised his axe, but for the love of the person he used to be, he could not do it.

"how often do you cry on trees?" Came a voice from behind Aloakaki
Aloakaki turned and a grey woman, whose hair were feathery leaves, stood, perched on a boulder.
"I cry on trees that I hate to cut down, that I have protected from being cut, 
I cry on trees that will kill me both to cut and not cut."

"What do you gain from cutting this tree?" said the second being
"I gain warmth this winter, and life" said Aloakaki, And the second being nodded
"bring that which you wish to keep warm and alive to me, and I shall keep you warm until the dark of winter passes"
And so aloakaki did.

Aloakaki's family huddled in the cold in front of the oak
It stood thick and imposing above the split in the road.
There, the tree-woman bade them come close,
Close to the bark of the oak tree

The second being knocked on the tree and said 
"Wake up dear daughter, and see your saviours"
And from the tree, came a third being, another tree woman
And she smiled at Aloakaki and his family.

"Go behind the tree once, and follow her, and she will guide you to a safe place" said the second being
And Aloakaki's Family did so
When they emerged from behind the oak, they found themselves in a bright summer morning in a sweet smelling wood
Surrounded by wood-women.

The third being brought them over sand, rock, and root.
Until they reached a green land of trees so tall that it was impossible to see the tops of the tallest.
Among a people of orcs they rested
And told "to cut good trees here means death"

Aloakaki was celebrated for his virtuous choice, and his family fed, and kept warm in the tree-lands.
A short time later, he was beckoned away by the third being who lived in the tree
Aloakaki and his family followed
Back to their home

The world they came back to, was different.
Many new trees grew, and no children played in the village in the valley
As the village was empty.
Twenty one years had passed, and the world was well into spring

Aloakaki's family was found shortly by a caravan, heading north to the new country, 
The year after he had not cut the oak, The world was filled with monsters
Because he had not cut the oak
His family had lived through many harsh winters.


This is a true story, though it is not without lesson
Giving yourself to goodness may mean sacrifices.
Attachment can lead to death and disfavour in the face of hard choices.
Determination leads to reward, and bargaining leads to favour.
People who are not your own can be your own, if you accept them, and vice versa.
And most importantly, that this world is strange, and no one knows the future fully.

Finally, a more formal lesson, of solid practical value. Check for Dryads before cutting wood. 
