Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2024-03-14T00:15:13-02:30

====== Intra aegis upper tunnels ======
Created Thursday 14 March 2024

Between the roots of the aegis, the true extent of the cataclysm  can be found. Unlike the cracks that form around the aegis, Intense thaumatic forces caused strange effects on the strata. Much of the upper crust was pushed directly downward as one piece, The edges of this piece glassed immediately, and the magma sea was completely drained underneath the area, forming the aegis, Thus, a dense layer of metamorphic (eclogite, diamond) rock forms the boundary between the deepest layers below the prison and the prison itself. The prison tunnels here are disconnected, save by erractic wormbore with few exits, such as the one at Clayman's point. With the arrival of gods, the more magically potent of the Prison's denizens mostly teleported out but outside of that filter, many incredible horrors and their remains are still down there.

The most major incursions above the prison are the rarer later cracks from the aftershocks of the cataclysm which breach down toward the underground sea; Wormbore; Dwarven, Hobgoblin, and Gnomish tunnels thread toward their respective civilizations; Migratory Crabs answering the call of their emperor have made their own oblong tunnels into the rock with uncanny  draw toward the weaknesses in ancient architectured strata. 

Dwarf tunnels are wide but short, built to rather precise dimensions even when quickly hewn. They often have stone ridges that serve as rudimentary rails for minecarts for mucking out their tunnels. In the Intraegis region The most major tunnel of this type is the blackwater tunnel which connects with the dwarven mines in the western aegis

Hobgoblin tunnels are much taller, though also strictly constructed. Hobgoblin tunnels are large enough to ride through while mounted, they are often interrupted with thick metal doors and occasional Parallel fortification corridors creating death runs.  There are many running away from the blackwater crater rather close to the surface, though they do slowly dip down

Gnomish tunnels are easy to mistake for natural passageways. They are always big enough for a gnome to walk through with suppies but any larger creature, even a dwarf would have to crawl and squeeze. Gnomes are careful to leave no scents or tracks on their trail, but this fastidiousness often leaves the trail accidentally sandy. The path to Brekmu is perhaps the largest gnomish trail

Wormbore is, as usual, wide, smooth, mostly circular or arched tunnels with smooth walls, no supports, no consideration for faults, materials, traversability, stability or much sense, occasionally making sharp curves to meet up with another tunnel to ruin the day of some other poor creature. Fresh wormbore is often characterised by a lack of mud, or ending rather suddenly in the back end of a worm. Where the original planar strata is largely intact past the surface here, ignoring the collapsed portion of the underground and magma seas, the wormbore is extremely scarce compared to the rest of the plane. Extremely difficult tunnelling conditions do make for solid tunnels for those titan worm class creatures that can manage it
