Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2024-05-06T02:16:31-02:30

====== The Prison ======
Created Monday 06 May 2024

The prison is built of extremely intricate  adamantine, laced with orichalcum, ribbed with mithril, bound with steel, gold, bronze, zinc, and magical materials beyond the ken of even some of the most powerful immortals. Impossibly long, impossibly straight, impossibly dangerous tunnels stretch the entire length of the plane above the magma sea, below the underground sea. The walls are lined with the cells that once funneled and contained the creatures that were drawn into the plane, or placed there by higher powers. Nearly all containment measures within the prison have failed, The staff of many a second-greatest wizard rots here, the would-be bane of many a world lies in this, their tomb.  That said, in some places the containment is only partly undone, or even entirely intact, and creatures both precious, great, horrible, and mundane may yet still sleep unageing, invincible, unaware, and immune to the passage of time around them. 

The Tunnels themselves are wide, and from wall to wall, it would not be impossible to fit a few houses. They are also tall, capable of fitting most dragons at full extension.

These tunnels are broken by scarce wormbore, they were built to withstand nearly everything. Though the universe has produced many extremely proficient tunnelers, only a couple of wildly specific tunnelers found any success in chewing their way through. It was godfall, the cataclysm that truly broke the prison physically open, and the small cut in an intricate magical net that caused its containment failure before it was even fully finished. 

Not all the denizens of the tunnels //can// escape still, either they are too large, or one of the many layers of containment magic act upon them, and indeed, it is the largest and most dangerous of them, for whom the magic was most focused, that cannot escape these halls. 

There is very little water down in the prison, as the heat from the magma sea causes it to evaporate quickly and leak out through whatever cracks it can find, but because of the fissures that lead here, it is not unheard of to find a waterfall, or spill or seep that trickles out onto the smoothed floors. The humidity rises rapidly around these areas, only dropping if they can find an escape. 

Food is also scarce, save for the corpses (or soon to be corpses) of those creatures unlucky enough to get trapped down here, though even those are not guaranteed.

There are places in the prison, where the magic still functions where death is not possible, indeed, creatures can be functionally immortal, seemingly at little cost.
