Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2023-12-23T16:42:11-03:30

====== Feywild ======
Created Saturday 23 December 2023

Actors: 
	The party - looking for power
	
	The fey - self interested to the end
	
The Setting 
	The feywild in full. 
	

	Parts - as many as the party wishes
	The options:
		A true feywild experience. Two levels guaranteed at least, but no guarantees of being able to leave
		A guided feywild experience. Two levels guaranteed as well as being able to leave, but a more limited ability to gain rewards
			Five parts
				A shallow ocean
				
				Dusk structure (mount colossus, Talessi, Temple Spa, lueri unshinihi, Toybox, halls of agony, puddlestorm) Think it's gonna be Unshinihi
				day 1 2, Night 3 5
				SOMETHING
				the midnight point
				
				

==== A Shallow ocean, Wicklands, Lueri unshinihi ====
	The path: Any direction will lead appropriately
	
	The party awakens, lying flat on their back, staring up at a warm summer sky. At least one is dry on a sandbar, and the rest in a not-very-deep sheet of water, Seawheat tickling their face, tiny shrimp trying to feed on the dead skin that's exposed, shrimp that explode if disturbed too quickly.
	The Party must learn to spot beds of laserclams and warrior mussels, which function as small landmines while avoiding Sumigi lungfishes. A laughing goat-headed Terror fey asks them if they've brought enough water as it walks along on stilts.  It takes 20 hours of relative time to cross the wicklands. Water is available from the dewy flounders
	
	The Flat ocean Edges on wavy wax which covers over the water like a sheet, a thin sheet that breaks for the first few hundred steps until eventually the lightest party members can walk unimpeded on the wax. Heavier and heavily armored characters go last. With each step, the sun seems to go sideways. It doesn't set as one would normally expect, there always seems to be a bright yellow-blue line that fades from day to night until the party is in the wicklands proper. if they walk back at all, the day rotates back to meet them
	
	Twists: The Sumigi are extremely opportune but relatively weak
	
	The wicklands are a forest of glowing orange, with thick, almost toxic air in which constitution saving throws need to be made to cough up wax that builds up in the lungs twice during their time. Exhaustion points come from failed saves. The trees are ropey and there are small fires around their bases and at the tips of their branches. Carver gnomes work to scoop up the wax. 
	
	huge Jaws loom out from behind a tree and if anyone reacts, a terror fey giggles as it collects their fright in a bag and dips into a pool of wax, disappearing
	A single braatus Jumps the party, screaming Monotonosly
	
	A hazy town built of tall votive candles provides respite from the burning pits of wax. Though there is little worth buying and little that can be traded, save rations, 
	The town is Jalahzo Gon, and the townsfolk are delighted to tell people that it is going to be the location of a fireheart tomorrow

	
	Here, the party is assaulted also by basar salter-yin, Fierce infernal Soul Tearer
	
	
	Win Condition: Survive the Journey to Lueri unshinihi and bring back a curse for one chosen target to weaken them
	

==== Thrumhush Barrens ====


	Catches: Welcome to the feywild baybee, everything is batshit
	
	


