Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2024-07-12T00:29:22-02:30

====== Investment ======
Created Friday 12 July 2024

The party first gets to meet eachother, one at a time along the caravan trail. Eventually getting jumped at the new crossroads heading to Umlil Oril, Gannaghi, and the ferry crossing the Xia down toward Danzuishan. 

Disembarking at the local Xanarans, the party is granted a free night, and a voucher for another free night at Umlil if they take the same caravan again. Uncharacteristically, the xanarans is completely empty other than Barstomun, The party, and the neriadniclu. 

Tiny, Ancient, bug-pixie, perhaps a foot tall, ~30cm. 

"Ah, It took you less time than I expected. Glad I showed up early. Welcome back, all of you. Again, I am the Neriadniclu"
 
"Back does not matter, I'm sure one of my associates will be DELIGHTED to spill that news, and I intend to benefit from that bargain. Speaking of bargains. I have one for you all. 

Name, Your past was Xed by Guy.
And blah, you had your N y'd by lad
etc;

I offer each of you a bargain that I hope you'll take. In exchange for whatever you wish for that is within the power of mortals, many forms of immortal, and some of what lies beyond the abilities of either, so long as it is not my own life. I want you lot to end the stories of the Godking, Moseie Dal Kholira; Of Orsithach Furi; And of the Moon. There are added incentives for interfering in the activities of a certain Cult of changelings and necromancers that has been destabilising the plane, which is inconveniently where I do most of my business. Barstomun, the contract special."

Barstomun brings out a drink of choice for each character, provided they can drink, and a poem for those who can't. 

"Our contract has no need to be signed, the terms are simple, and you are not beholden to any course of action outside of your conscience. This drink is my payment for services rendered, which will benefit you itself in the ...end."
He seems to relish the word. 

"To each of you I have provided contacts, Those in this very room, who bear the same wounds, and hold power, right and title. 

	"If you need to ask me questions ask them now but it means you'll have to pay for your own drink"



**The Neriadniclu**

If asked about what he gains
	"Magic, Power, favour beyond what most fey are capable of dreaming of, stories beyond stories, and an immortality that is nearly impossible to match, save in those more conservative areas of the shadowfell"
	
If asked how he gains power 
	"I am of the feywild. You would say my world is a fragment of yours, of dreams and promises and emotions that live and die quickly. I would say yours is a fragment of mine, some machination of the court of lore,  of rigid, unchanging things, only brought to life  by our leftovers. Where your magic allows your speech and actions to be only loosely tethered to physics, for us, such things are written in stone. I could not promise you a drink and not deliver, not without a lot of work. But if you want a diamond, here's one, right here, in my hand. Don't lift it too high or it will disappear, of course. I am of the court of Valour, which has many other names. Most of us that still remember come from the old summer court. We gain nourishment from long glamour, winding promises. Stories, adventures, conflicts. Not unlike your bards, or perhaps a lawyer in that sense. Can't live without them. And of our court, I am an archfey, and that means mostly, that I have a limited diet. One of beginnings..... and endings, if you catch my drift."
	
If called "neriadniclu" 
	He stops, shocked, Glances at a corner of the room, and then bursts into uproarious laughter. "Ah... That gets me every time. I keep forgetting you can do that. So casually, so easily. When I was young, and first heard of this.... I didn't believe it. Thank you, it is always a good laugh"

On gaining power
	"If you want more power, power which you do need and do not have, then I can make suggestions,  not big ones of cou-... Not ones that change your story too much. Foot in the soup, so to speak. But there are always adventures to be had. I can tell you that your goals have bought their own power. From the sealed Elhu beast that sits at the heart of this world, from the land of shadows, from my home in proper reality, from the tunnels that run in your underways, from that delightful contraption just up the road, the one that looks like a fish, and dreams of new faces. At least two of them, perhaps now all three have learned from that library that Manaharamu used to have, though that's... perhaps a later thing."
	
	On Mentioning Manaharamu, the Neriadniclu gives a look at any of the party members from there. On a DC 18 check, dc15 for anyone familiar with insects or the fey, it is a measuring look, one trying to figure out costs, perhaps a suspicion. He shrugs it off

	"As luck would have it though, there are plenty, PLENTY of Muga.... Whispers... PLOTS against your goals, so that should be of great help to you. A few are in this city. The.... Oh goodness, I am not so stupid, the tailor in Gassa.... You'll know the one, and her friend, the Saint Zul in Gari are more than willing to help I'm sure. And no Muga could have been planted so strongly as Ms. Brumia, in the trading post. And then there's your fireheart king up north, and his friend of that ridiculous cosades lot. Many More, Many many more"
	
On what he expects
	"I expect you'll do this partly because you want to, That is, after all why you are here. I expect I will be fed for a long time on this meal. I expect you'll go partly because you're horrendously curious about what things that emperors and demons fight over would be feel like to own, as promised you have a taste of that already."
	
On the catch 
	"Oh. They know you're coming. I told them. Good luck!"


The party is free to explore Danzuishan.




OLD NOTES

			The party gets a quest from a tiny and seemingly ancient fey. In exchange for "whatever they want that is within the power of mortals, most forms of immortals, and some of what lies beyond the abilities of either", they are tasked with gaining enough power to end the stories of the godking, The Furi, and the Moon."
			
			The fey, known as the Neriadniclu, of the court of Valour, has convened the ritual of the happening, and things are about to begin changing in the world. The party has the choice to partake in that magic. Their part is simple, gather power beyond the power of common mortals, and defeat the three targets. To help them along, the neriadniclu has already rewritten their lives such that they are capable of their quest. The Neriadniclu grants them a compass that can point them toward places of power 
			
			and/or
			The party gets a delivery sidequest to drop off an unstable arcanohedron, a device of strange mystic capabilities. Thugs will rather incessantly try to steal it, as it is a construction of immense power, capable of being used in 12th level magic in a rather general way. 
			
				* Furi thugs obviously want it for cash
				* The Cult wants it to break another bone artifact
				* Kholira wants it to allow the godking to ascend as a true deity-class entitty
				* Starspawn seem attracted to it as the moon is trying  Kill everything on this plane
			* The Recipient is Nirrum the Mad, or what's left of him
			* The party is first accosted by moon-touched and Kholirahi

			In both cases the party faces an assortment of their enemies, ending with one of the sons of the godking and another level up, being a 1/3rd way through the first quest
