Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2023-12-23T16:19:42-03:30

====== Kholira ======
Created Saturday 23 December 2023

Actors:
	Citizens - Xenophobic, Afraid
	Sons of the godking - hostile at nearly all turns
	Military - obidient to death
	The party 
		- yet unnamed
	The Godking, Mozéié - Confident, overconfident perhaps
	
	
The setting:
	The Ualakomara Mountain range and inner valley, from without to within, to the Castle of the Godking
	
	The parts
		Outer territory
		The inner Territory
		Kholira - Level up
		The castle
		
	Treasure to be found: The staff of stars, regalia of the generals and sons of the godking
	

==== Outer territories ====


Ualakomara
Valley of War
Broadbone
Weighlow
The Pass
Yetsin tunnel
Kholiramu
Castle of the Godking


==== Castle of the godking ====
	After crossing the chasm and encountering haskill stillborn, The party is greeted wtihthe singular and sacrificial walls, the courtyard, and the zigguraut beyond. Hexagonal and steep but slightly sloped walls cradle a small parapet walkway which surrounds an inner superkeep, itself topped with the disc and eight pillars of the godking's garden, slightly raised from the roof. The courtyard itself holds room for great guardians. Dragons and the more monstrous sons of the godking wait, as well as a small flotilla of airships. 
	
	A single door on the southmost face  past the flotilla,  it is wide and covered in strange metal bands that hum deeply when a wind passes over them. It is, of course, locked. The humming door leads to the Atrium hall. The inside of the tilted walls hold garrisons, with increasingly important rooms toward the center. Those most important rooms open directly into the main atrium hall,  Above which, a balcony juts out so that people below can be addressed from above. A wooden staircase on the side opposite the balcony provides egress. Behind the podium is a much smaller door that leads to the palace proper. Directly undereneath the balcony are two heavy adamantine doors that lead downward 

	The Downward doors lead to the war rooms, where the generals and some research and development occurs. 
	
	Up top, The Home of the godking is wood panelled, and floored with plush carpet. There are nearly 200 bedrooms, two huge kitchens and a few scattered pantries. For every bedroom there is a private latrine, and each bedroom is also connected to a larger side room of its own. Some of these rooms are unused, others show immense work and wear with stains of all sorts, machines, instruments and weapons aplenty. A few sitting rooms, common rooms, or rooms with windows that seem to display any place in the world, some closed in with doors, some open to the main halls. on the opposite side of this floor from the entry, A chimney over a large and continuously fed yet seemingly smokeless fire would appear innocuous were it not for the murals that indicate ascension.
		Many of the sons of the godking fill this floor. 
	

	The chimney leads directly into the godking's own apartments, Where his current consorts and his youngest children and he himself sleeps, not that he needs to. A few artifact level magic items are locked in a safe, a bookshelf full of spellbooks and magical research sits to one side of the room behind a rather substantial baby gate. A small divot in another side of the main room is closed in by another baby gate, where the babies play, supervised by a black-skinned angel with wings of cloth, as well as by the more attentive mothers. Three such children are currently playing there, quietly, as the roots sap their emotions.
	
	Occupying the back wall is a massive bed with pristine red sheets and a great number of smaller blankets, above which hang a variety of ropes and leather straps. Beside the bed are four doors. 
		One leads to a smilarly massive closet which is mostly filled with dresses and a variety of clothing suited for women. A very small section of the closet holds a few very worn pairs of pants and two or three extremely opulent clothes
		One leads to a bathroom with a bath nearly as large as the bed and more than a few toilets with washlets, one which seems specialised for babies. 
		One leads out to the godking's garden
		One leads to a small kitchen staffed by an immaculately worked automaton





==== The God-King's Garden ====

Mozeie waits atop the stone  platform . He flies upward as he speaks, or fights if the party attacks immediately, but his words start as soon as they leave the door, his voice audible as if next to them.  
"Did you know the happening ritual exceeds twelfth level magic? I've spent the past year trying to untangle the favours but once a favour is exchanged, it is done. Writ into fate itself, unless it runs out of magic before it completes. If six archfey of the second or third tier join their powers together it would take a spell of approximately the sixteenth level to dent it or twenty nine years of burning every scrap of magic I could muster, every single day. I'd have to sleep in a different five mile radius every second day to do it, or risk catastrophe at mana ulla, Mohara, or somewhere deep in the prsion."

"The Neriadniclu didn't weave the whole event though, this battle is fateless, inasmuch as a ... I could have sworn there was supposed to be three more of you. Odd. Oh well."

The fishhook shaped path to the garden is unguarded and windy.



